Chapter 1: Hanging-Hair Traveler[^1]

In the Ning Clan[^2]’s council hall.

Bright light radiated from the spirit lamp. The Ning Clan’s patriarch, junior patriarch, and elders had all assembled.

Several jade slips passed among them; these jade slips contained records of the Ning Clan’s most recent clan examination.

Stroking the jade slip in his hand, the patriarch’s eyes closed lightly, and the scenes inside the jade slip replayed continuously in his sea of consciousness.

This year, unlike previous years, he mainly focused on the subject of mechanical arts.

The contents of the Ning Clan’s mechanical arts exam had changed this year, to a test of puppet manipulation. The juniors of the clan infused their magical power into the puppets through wire threads.

Urged along by the combination of divine intent[^3] and magical power[^4], the puppets were made to perform various actions. However, even the most skilled juniors could only make their puppets walk a bit, flip over, and roll around.

Overall, the situation was disastrous.

Slowly opening his eyes, the patriarch withdrew his consciousness from the jade slip and placed it back on the table in front of him.

“It looks like there are no seeds of mechanical arts masters among our younger generation.” The Ning Clan patriarch sighed.

Feeling pressure, the academy elder quickly spoke up: “Patriarch, fellow elders, our Ning Clan’s expertise lies in talismans. Among the hundred arts of cultivation, mechanical arts is only a minor discipline. Our clan has a weak foundation in this regard, and the academy’s mechanical arts teachers have little accomplishments. How could we possibly cultivate a genius of mechanical arts?”

The Ning Clan patriarch comforted, “Don’t worry, I’m not blaming you. But the Lava Immortal Palace that Three Schools Supreme Sage[^5] buried in Fire Persimmon Mountain to suppress its eruptions is an immortal city of mechanisms. If we want to obtain the immortal treasures and the mechanical arts inheritance within the Lava Immortal Palace, we need a mechanical arts master to lead the way.

“Our Ning Clan only discovered the Lava Immortal Palace this year. The other two clans, along with the city lord’s side, have known about it for a long time already. Unlike us, they’ve had plenty of time to secretly cultivate talented mechanical arts masters.

“We’re late, too late. Our only chance of competing is by spending money to recruit outsiders as our honored guests.”

The Ning Clan patriarch took out a jade slip and said, “Listed here are the most famous mechanical arts masters in and around Fire Persimmon Immortal City. Please take a look.”

Once all the elders had read the jade slip, the Ning Clan patriarch spoke up again: “We must contact all these mechanical arts masters and get them to join us. Especially that Hanging-Hair Traveler! As one of the premiere mechanical arts masters in Fire Persimmon Immortal City, he is a target we absolutely must win over.”

The junior patriarch said, “Hanging-Hair Traveler’s identity is mysterious, and he never appears in public. His mechanical constructs sell well, but they’re only sold once a month through the black market.

“And the black market is controlled by Sun Lingtong[^6], an outer disciple of the Spaceless Sect[^7]. Thus, getting close to Hanging-Hair Traveler truly isn’t easy.”

The Ning Clan patriarch frowned. “Xiaoren, I don’t want to hear about your problems, I want solutions.”

Cold sweat broke out on the junior patriarch Ning Xiaoren’s[^8] forehead, and he quickly said, “Yes, father. I have already sent someone to contact him, and we will see results soon!”

The Ning Clan patriarch stroked his beard. “Good. Then I’ll await your success.”

…

After the meeting, the Ning Clan’s junior patriarch immediately summoned his subordinate, Ning Ze[^9].

“Ning Ze, the only reason you’re sitting in the seat of the Ning Clan’s procurement manager right now is because of me. I’ve tasked you with contacting Hanging-Hair Traveler, but you have yet to make any progress. Just what do you think you’re doing?” The junior patriarch scolded.

Ning Ze was a middle-aged man with a bitter look on his face. If possible, he would rather have nothing to do with this task.

“Junior patriarch, I’ve failed to live up to your expectations. I truly deserve to die.

“But that Hanging-Hair Traveler is really difficult to communicate with! While purchasing his Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables[^10] in the black market, I’ve tried to talk to him many times, but he always remains unmoved and refuses to speak of anything other than the transaction at hand.

“Hanging-Hair Traveler is too mysterious. I’ve exhausted every means to figure out his true identity, but only ended up angering the master of the black market, Sun Lingtong. Not only did I end up losing a lot of men, I was even scammed out of a large number of spirit stones…”

“Enough!” The junior patriarch interrupted with an unhappy look on his face. “Getting scammed is shameful enough. Don’t tell me you still want the clan to reimburse you?

“Listen up. This time, the clan is purchasing eighty Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables. Go take care of it.”

Ning Ze was surprised, "Eighty? So many?!"

The junior patriarch said, “This is a big business deal, so do your best. You’ve talked to Hanging-Hair Traveler so many times, but still haven’t gotten any closer to him.

“Ning Ze, your performance is really making me doubt your abilities.”

Feeling pressured, Ning Ze vowed to do his utmost.

…

Ning Ze arrived at the southeast district of Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

This district was a place where good and bad mixed together. Theft was rampant here, and law and order was at its weakest.

At the same time, this was also where the black market was located.

Coming to one of the entrances to the black market, Ning Ze pulled out a token. An evil-looking cultivator glanced at him and checked the token carefully, then coldly said, “Follow me.”

The evil-looking cultivator led Ning Ze into the hut behind him and lifted the floor, revealing an underground passageway. He and Ning Ze entered the passage, and after many twists and turns, finally came out in an underground market.

Glancing around, Ning Ze saw his target.

“Sir Hanging-Hair Traveler, we meet again.” Ning Ze put a warm smile on his face as he walked over to Hanging-Hair Traveler.

Hanging-Hair Traveler was an old man with a severely hunched back, leaning on a cane with his whole body bent like a shrimp. His face was haggard, with dark eye bags and wrinkles deep enough to catch mosquitoes. Messy, long black hair hung down from his head, covering his shoulders and reaching down to his feet like a cloak of darkness.

Standing behind his cart, Hanging-Hair Traveler glanced at Ning Ze lightly without saying a word.

Hanging-Hair Traveler’s attitude was always like this. Ning Ze couldn’t do anything, but rage built up in his heart.

He was a member of the great Ning Clan, but this Hanging-Hair Traveler dared not give him face!

However, the Ning Clan’s junior patriarch was very insistent on pulling Hanging-Hair Traveler to their side. Thus, despite his indignation, Ning Ze could only smile and say, “Sir Hanging-Hair Traveler, I’ve brought big business for you this time.

"A full eighty Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables!

“Look, for such a huge transaction, how about you give a bit of a discount?

“I’m an old customer of yours, and if this deal goes well, there will be more deals like this in the future. Isn’t it too heartless of you to always charge 200 spirit stones for each cable?”

Hanging-Hair Traveler nodded slightly and said in his hoarse voice, “You’re right.

“In that case, it’ll be 250 spirit stones per cable.”

Ning Ze froze for a moment, then laughed, “Sir Hanging-Hair Traveler, don’t joke around. What kind of discount is that?”

But Hanging-Hair Traveler snorted, “Every word of nonsense is another 50 spirit stones.”

Ning Ze was stunned.

Fury continued bubbling within him, and he wanted nothing more than to slap the old man in front of him straight into the ground. But in the end, he forced down his anger and said in a sullen voice, “Okay, we’ll go with your price!

“But my clan would like to add some modifications to match our unique skills. As for the specifics…”

Hanging-Hair Traveler interrupted forcefully, “No modifications. Buy or get out.”

Ning Ze choked.

After taking a deep breath, he nodded with a wry smile and agreed to the deal.

Hanging-Hair Traveler didn’t move, but several small mechanical puppets popped out from the roof of the mechanical cart in front of him.

These puppets were all manipulated by wire threads, but they looked shockingly realistic as they laughed and babbled. They rolled, jumped, and even pushed each other playfully as they moved to open the round cover inside the mechanical cart.

Then, they entered the hole one by one and dragged out Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables like emerging from a nest of pythons.

Every time he saw this scene, Ning Ze couldn’t help but sigh in amazement.

This subtle manipulation ability was so skilled that the puppets seemed to come alive.

If a junior of the Ning Clan had even one percent of this skill, their mechanical arts score in the exam would be top of the class!

But mechanical arts is ranked at the bottom of the hundred arts of cultivation, and has many weaknesses. The most obvious weakness is their manipulation method!

Just look at these puppets. As long as their wires are severed, they’ll be rendered immobile in an instant.

After handing over the spirit stones, Ning Ze left the black market along with the Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables. Only then did he reveal a hint of viciousness and anger.

“Hanging-Hair Traveler! You should be honored that I’ve spoken so nicely to you all this time.

“Now, I’ve invited the Huang Family Ghost Trio and even prepared a special ‘gift’ for you!

“Since you dare refuse my toast, it’s time for you to drink a forfeit.”

In his desperation, Ning Ze had decided to take a big risk.

His plan was very simple: He would get the Huang Family Ghost Trio to deal with Hanging-Hair Traveler, then come out and resolve the situation to establish goodwill. If Hanging-Hair Traveler ended up seriously injured, Ning Ze wouldn’t rule out use of force either.

In any case, his first priority was to break the stalemate and complete his own task. As for any later issues, those would have to be handled by other Ning Clan members.

After the black market closed, Hanging-Hair Traveler carried his proceeds and walked into a dark alley.

Suddenly…

Soul-Suppressing Talisman!

With the activation of a talisman, the surroundings pace was immediately sealed, and Hanging-Hair Traveler halted on the spot.

“Heeheehee…”

Light laughter echoed out, and three little ghosts attacked Hanging-Hair Traveler from his left.

Hanging-Hair Traveler was silent as a stone until the little ghosts drew near. Then, he suddenly shook his body.

Several mechanical birds immediately shot out.

Mechanical construct —— Silent Thunderbird!

Flashes of light illuminated the darkness. Lightning crackled, but there was no sound.

In just an instant, the Silent Thunderbirds eradicated the three little ghosts.

“How is this possible?”

“We used the Soul-Suppressing Talisman! How could he still be able to use his divine sense and control those mechanical puppets?!”

“Strange, those are clearly mechanical puppets, but I didn’t see him using any wires at all.”

“It doesn’t matter. Let’s all go together!”

The Huang Family Ghost Trio jumped out and moved simultaneously, each displaying various methods to attack Hanging-Hair Traveler.

In an instant, dozens of ghosts appeared. Malicious ghosts filled the surroundings, looking fierce and sinister with their fangs and claws bared.

Hanging-Hair Traveler remained steady as a mountain. His messy black hair that reached his feet suddenly twisted together to form long whips.

These long black whips danced like dragons or snaked, but gave rise to no wind. Their silent movements were filled with terrifying killing intent.

Mechanical construct —— Hanging-Hair Hooked Death Whips!

These whips were extremely ferocious, seemingly capable of swallowing everything in their path. Wherever they swiped, fierce ghosts disappeared from existence.

Eyes flickering with ferocity, the Huang Family Ghost Trio were about to attack.

But at that moment, in Hanging-Hair Traveler’s sea of consciousness…

There was a magical seal stamp, imposing like a mountain, like both a Buddha and a demon, that suddenly flashed with wondrous light.

Magic treasure —— Buddha Heart Demon Seal!

The trio simultaneously stilled, revealing fatal openings. They recovered in an instant and retreated in a panic, but it was already too late.

Two screams rang out. Two ghosts were dead.

The leader of the trio was immediately furious, and he worked his Foundation Establishment dantian at full strength to counterattack Hanging-Hair Traveler.

A magical dagger carrying his deep grudge shot out as fast lightning, instantly striking Hanging-Hair Traveler in the middle of the forehead.

Ding.

A crisp sound of metal striking metal rang out.

The trio leader was stunned for a moment, full of disbelief.

Swoosh!

An instant later, dozens of Hanging-Hair Hooked Death Whips pierced his body from every direction.

The leader’s eyes widened. Pierced by numerous whips, his body hung in the air as blood spurted out from his wounds and splashed all over the alley. However, the dark of night seemed to swallow up everything.

Sensing the commotion, a nearby cultivator came over to the alley to check, wondering aloud, “What happened?”

In the alley, there were neither any corpses nor a single drop of blood…

After waiting for so long with no news, Ning Ze was feeling cold both inside and out.

“Why is there no news? It’s been so long, they should have succeeded.

“Hanging-Hair Traveler is in the Foundation Establishment stage, and the Huang Family Ghost Trio are also in Foundation Establishment. Even though their battle prowess is suppressed inside the immortal city, it’s three against one! There’s no reason they would fail.

“I gave them a Soul-Suppressing Talisman and the Verdant Blade Mantis spirit pet that can sever wires. They should have an overwhelming advantage against any mechanical arts master!

“I’ll wait a little longer.”

Unfortunately, the news he was waiting for would never come.

…

Hanging-Hair Traveler walked along an underground secret passage.

Three Hanging-Hair Hooked Death Whips were raised up behind him, each one piercing the corpse of a cultivator. As he walked, he cast a terrifying, eerie shadow on the wall of the passage.

Soon, a red light appeared up ahead, and the temperature rose rapidly.

As Hanging-Hair Traveler turned the corner, a large furnace appeared in front of him. Opening the furnace door, he tossed the three corpses inside with swift and practiced movements.

Then, he shut the furnace door and walked over to a side storage room, taking out several jin[^11] of fire essence and tossing them inside.

After many years of accumulation, the fire essence in the storage room had piled up into a small mountain.

“Just ten jin left.”

Hanging-Hair Traveler then went to the teleportation room and activated the teleportation formation.

An instant later, he returned to his underground workshop, and his body began to change.

That strange black hair hanging down to the ground rapidly retracted, and his hunched figure gradually straightened out. Light and shadow flickered on the body of the old man beneath the black robe, slowly revealing “his” true appearance:

A silver-gray suit of mechanical armor.

Wondrous light flowed faintly across the surface of the armor, illuminating talisman runes and formation patterns all over. There was also a new scar on the armor’s helmet – a souvenir from the trio leader’s dying blow.

The chest, abdomen, and leg plates of the armor opened up, and a young man walked out from within.

This young man had a fair complexion, clear eyes, and a calm and peaceful temperament.

The armor’s name was Iron Will Gray Armor[^12].

As for the young man, he was Ning Zhuo[^13].

Notes:

[^1]: Hanging-Hair Traveler – 垂髫客 – Also known in various translations as “Chui Tiao Ke” or “Young Puppet Master”. 垂 means “hanging down”, and 髫 seems to refer to the hair on children? 垂髫 is used in the “Hanging-Hair Hooked Death Whips”, and the narrative talks about how his hair hangs down to his feet, so I decided to go with “Hanging Hair”. But it also might carry implications of youth and childhood.

[^2]: Ning Clan – 宁家 – Ning is a surname that can mean “peaceful” or “tranquil”.

[^3]: divine intent – 神念 – Basically just the power of thought. Evolves into divine sense (神识).

[^4]: magical power – 法力 – This is not spirit power (灵力) or spirit energy (灵气). Those exist in this novel, but are different things. Magical power is used to control magic artifacts (法器) and magic treasures (法宝), and also to cast spells (法术, literally “magic arts”).

[^5]: Three Schools Supreme Sage – 三宗上人– Three Schools refers to Daoism, Buddhism, and the demonic way. Usually, 宗 is “Sect”, but he’s not in charge of three cultivation sects or anything as far as I know, so I went with “School” as in “school of thought”. 上人 literally means something like “superior person”, but basically refers to someone of great wisdom and virtue (and, since this is xianxia, power).

[^6]: Sun Lingtong – 孙灵瞳 – Sun is a surname, same as in Sun Wukong. Lingtong means “spirit eyes”.

[^7]: Spaceless Sect – 不空门 – 不 is a negation. 空 can mean “Empty”, “Void”, “Sky”, or “Space”. 门 can also mean “gate” or “door”, but in this case refers to a sect. Given the sect's specialty, I chose the name "Spaceless Sect". Possibly interesting tidbit: the “space door” that Thieving Heaven was looking for in Reverend Insanity is 空门, so you could (in a different context) translate 不空门 as “not space door”.

[^8]: Ning Xiaoren – 宁晓仁 – Xiaoren can possibly mean something like “knowing compassion”. But it also sounds like 小人, which means “small-minded person” or “villain”.

[^9]: Ning Ze – 宁责 – Ze means something like “blame” or “reproach”.

[^10]: Up-Down As-You-Wish Cable – 上下如意索 – 上下 are “Up and Down”. 如意 you may have seen pinyinized as “Ruyi” - it literally means “according to your thoughts”. Sun Wukong’s staff, which changes size as he wishes, is called the “Ruyi Jingu Bang” – As-You-Wish Gold-Banded Cudgel.

[^11]: jin – 斤 – An ancient Chinese unit of measurement equivalent to half a kilogram, or just over one pound.

[^12]: Iron Will Gray Armor – 苍铁汉甲 – 铁汉 literally means “man of iron” but refers to strong will or determination. 苍 refers to a number of colors (blue, green, gray), but the narrative describes its color as silvery so gray is correct. It also may connote decrepitude or decay. In proper order it’s “Gray Iron Will Armor”, but that sounds a bit off so I changed it to “Iron Will Gray Armor”.

[^13]: Ning Zhuo – 宁拙 – Zhuo means “simple” or “unsophisticated”, to put it nicely; there is a saying 勤能补拙 (qin neng bu zhuo) which means “diligence can make up for one’s dullness”.

