Chapter 10: The Volcanic Cave

The lake of lava was like a golden glass bead, gorgeous and eye-catching at the center of the field of red rock. Reddish-golden lava churned slowly in the lake, with huge bubbles occasionally rising to the surface.

Waves of hot air spread out from the lake, rolling across the rocky field before impacting the crater walls. At that point, the heat rushed along the walls up to the sky.

Ning Zhuo and Ning Yong stood at the edge of the volcano’s mouth, their bodies trembling violently at the waves of heat buffeting their faces. Although Ning Zhuo guarded his mouth and nose with magical power, the heat still singed the tips of his hair.

Ning Zhanji glanced at the embarrassing state of the newcomers, and calmly ordered: “Give them each a set of magic robes[^1].”

His subordinates immediately tossed the two some spare robes.

Ning Zhuo took a look at the set of robes and found that it was extremely comprehensive. There was a helmet, a top, pants, outer robes, outer armor, boots, etc.

The robes were also covered in talisman runes, most of which were frost-type.

“A talisman treasure.” This thought flashed in Ning Zhuo’s mind.

Talisman treasures were different from magic artifacts. They were consumable items that would wear out after many uses.

The advantage of talisman treasures was that they were cheap. As long as some talismans were added on top of a base material, anything could become a valuable talisman treasure.

The small wooden hammer that Ning Zhuo had designed for himself was also a talisman treasure. This had allowed him to easily refine the petroleum mud.

Currently, all the cultivators in the Ning Clan’s exploration team were wearing these magic robes. Obviously, the Ning Clan had specially designed this equipment for the sake of obtaining the Lava Immortal Palace.

After putting on the robes, Ning Zhuo immediately felt that the heat in his surroundings had returned to normal levels. Moreover, the smell of sulfur had also disappeared.

There were several hanging platforms jutting out from the crater walls, each populated with city guards. On the one hand, they were there to guard the crater; on the other, they were for collecting fees.

Ning Zhanji chose a hanging platform and led the team to officially step into the volcanic crater.

Ning Yong was jumping in excitement, full of curiosity as he looked around. Ning Zhuo’s face also showed a mixture of excitement and anxiety.

Ning Zhanji’s target was nothing other than the lava lake at the center.

Their team of over 50 cultivators immediately attracted attention. Aside from Ning Zhuo’s group, there were several other teams and even many solo cultivators scattered around in the crater.

From time to time, even more cultivators came down from atop the crater walls. Some people went through the official hanging platforms, but most would use ropes to climb down by themselves. However, these cultivators generally found descending difficult due to being constantly buffeted by waves of hot air.

Nevertheless, the ones who climbed down by themselves could avoid paying fees on the hanging platform.

The city guards could see these cultivators bypassing the platforms, but they didn’t move to stop them; rather, they turned a blind eye and remained indifferent.

Ning Zhuo gradually approached the lake of lava. As he neared, he discovered that there was actually biological activity going on inside the lava lake.

When lava bubbles burst, red-furred fire velvet rats would jump up and soar on the rising hot air to hunt in the sky among the white smoke. If they succeeded, the rats would come back down holding smoke larks and smash them on the rocks below. Thanks to the constant waves of hot air rising into the sky, the fire velvet rats could easily land without hurting themselves every time.

Some cultivators would wait for these fire velvet rats to land, then use special artifacts to capture them.

Ning Zhuo’s thoughts turned slightly.

“Fire velvet rats are resistant to heat and can swim in magma. They prey on birds, and their most valuable part is their fur. If you collect hundreds of pelts and sew them together, you can make a fur robe with strong fire resistance.”

At that moment, at the front of the team, Ning Zhanji suddenly stopped.

In front of him was one of the holes that led into the cavern. Compared to the other entrances nearby, there was nothing special about this one.

However, Ning Zhanji’s expression was certain. He whispered: “It’s here. Get ready to enter.”

The cultivators in the team silently obeyed.

One cultivator in the lead formed hand seals and pushed his palms forward, causing a wave of snowy mist to burst out.

This snowy mist poured into the hole, immediately covering the tunnel walls with a layer of frost. Rumbling sounds echoed out as cold energy sank deeper and deeper into the cavern, and in the end, huge globs of mud spurted out from the hole.

The mud geysered into the sky, catching on fire and blooming like fireworks.

Ning Zhuo knew that this extra-flammable substance was petroleum mud.

After all the mud was expelled, Ning Zhanji immediately jumped into the hole. The rest of the cultivator followed closely behind.

Ning Chen, Ning Yong, Ning Zhuo, and the other newcomers were led by the veterans to jump in one by one.

In the moment he jumped into the hole, Ning Zhuo shivered from the chilly air surrounding him. But the deeper he went, the higher the temperature rose.

By the time he was halfway down the tunnel, the surroundings had become extremely hot. As he slid along the walls, Ning Zhuo carefully sensed the changes in the tunnel walls around him.

At first, the tunnel walls were covered in frost, but by the halfway point, any frost had long disappeared.

When he finally landed with his feet on the ground, Ning Zhuo looked around and found himself in an underground world full of fire and rocks.

The rocky ground beneath his feet was somewhat soft, and the orange-yellow cavern walls around him gave off endless waves of heat.

Ning Yong curiously reached out to touch the rocky walls of the cavern. In an instant, one third of the talisman runes on his glove melted away, scaring him into immediately retracting his hand.

Fortunately, another Ning Clan cultivator quickly took action, bringing out a jade bottle and releasing an ethereal mist.

The mist condensed into bluish-white ribbons that floated in the air, surrounding the team and keeping the pervasive heat at bay.

Ning Zhanji arranged for Ning Zhuo and the other newcomers to stay at the center of the team, then led them to continue forward.

Once the novelty wore off, the scenery of the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern quickly grew monotonous.

Ning Yong kept muttering to himself, wondering when the monster beasts would show up.

Ning Chen’s initial alertness gradually relaxed.

As for Ning Zhuo, he secretly marveled at the density of the spirit energy here, which was the highest out of everywhere he had ever been.

“No wonder many powerful cultivators seclude themselves in remote and dangerous places.

“Unfortunately, my current magical power is frost-type magical power. The spirit energy here is aligned with the fire element, and contains a lot of fire poison. It’s an unsuitable environment for me.”

The path in this underground cavern was sometimes wide and sometimes narrow, leading ever downward. There wasn’t only a single passage; Ning Zhuo saw many forks in the path as they walked. However, the Ning Clan cultivators were obviously familiar with the route, choosing a direction without hesitation every time.

“Fire crystal grass. Rooted in rocks, its leaves are translucent like crystals. It constantly absorbs heat from the earth and exudes firelight.

“Flame shadow flower. It absorbs magma and poison, and its stalk is a purplish black. Its leaves are as thin as cicada wings, and the flower doesn’t move at all; however, its shadow dances like flames.

“Vigor ginseng. It grows by absorbing the energy of the earth, and undergoes a qualitative transformation every 130 years. This kind of ginseng has long and thin whiskers, and is blessed with the innate ability to escape through the earth.”

Along the way, Ning Zhuo saw several kinds of spirit plants. When the team passed by, some people would be assigned to pick them.

Ning Zhanji glanced imperceptibly at Ning Zhuo, then waved to the newcomers and asked: “Do you know why we’re picking all these spirit plants?”

Notes:

[^1]: Magic robes – 法衣 – This word actually refers to a Buddhist monk’s robes. The character 法 in this case would mean “Dharma”. However, 法 can also mean “magic” (as in “magical power”) and these guys aren’t Buddhists, so I’m rendering it as “magic robes”.

