Chapter 100: Racing Against Time

Four guards followed by Ning Zhuo’s side.

Among them, two were at the Qi Refining stage and two were at Foundation Establishment stage, all dispatched by the Ning Clan to protect Ning Zhuo.

The current Ning Zhuo was someone of great importance, being an invaluable support for the Ning Clan’s exploration of the Lava Immortal Palace. The fact that the clan had given him these four guards was enough to show just how much they were investing in him.

After departing from Ning Xiaoren’s residence, Ning Zhuo didn’t go home right away.

Instead, he went in and out of several stores, purchasing a large amount of specialized bricks, formation disks, and other materials used to set up formations.

Seeing all this, the four guards secretly exchanged voice transmissions.

“This brat Ning Zhuo is planning to build his own cultivation chamber.”

“Any cultivation chamber will have decent defenses, as well as the ability to block divine sense. How are we supposed to monitor him then? Using a magic artifact might cause too much of a commotion.”

“Let’s report this to the junior patriarch.”

“Still, you have to admit, this kid really has money.”

“He’s currently favored by the junior patriarch, and is also receiving plenty of resources from the tri-clan alliance. Of course he’s got riches to spare.”

After he finished shopping, Ning Zhuo shelled out to hire a formation master to handle the arrangement.

He had left the junior patriarch’s residence in the morning, and by the time afternoon came around, a small chamber had already been built inside his bedroom.

The chamber was constructed entirely from stone bricks and had a stone door which could be opened or closed at will with the infusion of magical power and divine intent.

However, the formation hadn’t been completed yet, so the small chamber’s current defensive prowess was almost nonexistent.

The two Qi Refining guards patrolled the outer courtyard and beyond.

Meanwhile, the Foundation Establishment cultivators took up different stations; one concealed his presence while the other stood at the rear entrance, eyes closed in meditation.

Night fell, and then deepened.

Ning Zhuo opened his eyes and quietly got out of bed, flicking a switch and entering his underground workspace.

“Ah, youth.” One of the Foundation Establishment cultivators slowly opened his eyes, muttering with a knowing smile on his face.

Ning Zhuo nervously scanned the workspace, checking several key spots for any changes.

He had arranged these spots for detection purposes. If an outsider had entered the workspace, changes in these locations would tip him off.

There were no signs of tampering.

Under the watchful divine sense gazes of the two Foundation Establishment cultivators, Ning Zhuo let out a long sigh of relief. His slightly furrowed brows relaxed, and his entire demeanor gained a sense of ease.

He strolled around the workspace, touching this and that, full of the safety and comfort of someone who’d returned to their personal nest.

Sitting down in a chair, he stretched his body lazily and let out a long yawn.

After a moment of rest, he stood back up, taking a meditation mat from his storage pouch and placing it in the center of the room.

Then, he sat down cross-legged and pulled out several bottles of medicinal pills.

Both the meditation mat and the medicinal pills drew envy from the two Foundation Establishment cultivators.

Ning Zhuo was only at the Qi Refining stage, but because of his prominent position in the tri-clan alliance’s recultivation team, he received an overwhelming share of resources.

Before beginning his cultivation session, Ning Zhuo paused and took out a handkerchief from within his robes.

The handkerchief was white as snow, soft to the touch and completely pure without any sort of patterns.

Ning Zhuo infused his magical power into it.

White clouds slowly emerged from the handkerchief. Soon, Ning Zhuo was completely shrouded in dense layers of clouds.

The two Foundation Establishment cultivators simultaneously furrowed their brows.

They started chatting through voice transmissions. “Is that a Floating Cloud Handkerchief?”

“Yes, that’s it. That’s a magic artifact originating from Flying Cloud Kingdom.”

“How did Ning Zhuo get ahold of one?”

“Could be passed down from his mother. Don’t forget, according to the records, his mother Meng Yaoyin came from Flying Cloud Kingdom.”

“Right, I remember now! That must be it. But what now? We can’t see what he’s doing anymore.”

“As they say, ‘floating clouds cover the eyes.’ The Floating Cloud Handkerchief is famous for its concealment abilities.”

“Well, it doesn’t matter as long as we can ensure Ning Zhuo’s safety. Surveillance isn’t our top priority. Still, we’ll need to report this in the morning.”

Ning Zhuo had planned this all along, anticipating many possible scenarios.

As the two Foundation Establishment cultivators had guessed, the Floating Cloud Handkerchief was indeed an item left to him by his mother.

This magic artifact produced floating clouds that were exceptionally good for concealment. Protected by these clouds, the details of his cultivation process would be difficult to see through.

Even if someone with the Golden Pupils came to take a look, that would still cause the clouds to be consumed abnormally rapidly, alerting Ning Zhuo and giving him ample time to adjust.

Of course, there were still risks.

In the world of cultivation, new methods emerged without limit. Innate talents, spells, and countless other methods might have the capability of penetrating the clouds and observing Ning Zhuo’s true condition, perhaps even without giving him any warning.

Ning Zhuo had considered this.

But still, he had no choice. He’d already done everything he could.

The four major forces had vast amounts of resources. The average cultivation base of the recultivation team was constantly on the rise, and Ning Zhuo’s previous traps and measures would soon become obsolete.

Zhu Xuanji’s persistent investigations were also bringing mounting pressure.

Ning Zhuo was in a race against time!

The longer he waited, the more likely it was that he would be discovered.

Even though he had spent more than ten years building up layer after layer of protection, everything would collapse eventually.

He had to reach the Lava Immortal Palace before anyone else!

Thus, it was necessary for him to take some risks.

Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique for refining essence blood.

Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation for channeling magical power.

Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation for bolstering divine intent.

He rotated through the three techniques, consuming rare and expensive medicinal pills one after another. Even the meditation mat he was sitting on was a supplemental magic artifact provided by the tri-clan alliance that could accelerate a person’s speed of cultivation.

His three techniques advanced together, each progressing at a visible rate.

“There’s no problem with the cultivation techniques.

“But I’ve reached the limit with my spells, and the newly acquired embryonic divine ability is the same.”

Just thinking about the embryonic Life-Hanging Thread divine ability made Ning Zhuo itch with curiosity. He wanted to test it out, but under his current circumstances, he could only endure.

…

At the peak of Fire Persimmon Mountain, surrounded by thick clouds and mist, Meng Chong was also cultivating.

His body floated in midair, and his eyes were closed. He was still unconscious.

Meng Kui, the current Fire Persimmon City Lord, hovered above Meng Chong and had his hand stretched out to cover Meng Chong’s head.

He activated his magical power, mobilizing his essence and channeling it into Meng Chong.

As Meng Kui’s grandson of the same bloodline, Meng Chong was actually able to absorb some amount of essence blood from his grandfather.

And the boy quickly reaped benefits. His sunken eye sockets and protruding cheekbones began recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Meanwhile, Meng Kui grew obviously weaker.

Although he was in the Nascent Soul stage, he was a spell-type cultivator and placed little attention on his physical cultivation.

Of course, even though he didn’t focus on the body, his physical foundation was still stronger than most Golden Core stage body cultivators.

The main issue here was the extreme lack of conversion efficiency.

The essence blood Meng Kui provided had to be purified several times over. Only the tiniest fraction would actually enter Meng Chong’s body to be absorbed. Although this resulted in massive losses, this approach guaranteed that Meng Chong’s own essence blood would remain extremely pure, without any hint of foreign pollutants.

Meng Kui originally hadn’t planned on going this far, but he was left with no other choice.

He knew that the tri-clan alliance had made significant progress in exploring the Lava Immortal Palace.

Meanwhile, Meng Chong was stuck at Room 3, and had yet to regain consciousness after passing out last time.

Thus, he was forced to take action personally.

“Meng Chong, my grandson, you must become the new master of the Lava Immortal Palace. Why are you still asleep?” Meng Kui sent a voice transmission.

Meng Chong slowly opened his eyes. “Grandfather, I...”

Meng Kui sent another voice transmission telling him to close his eyes and focus on recovery.

A cultivator’s three treasures were jing, qi, and shen.

Meng Kui fully replenished Meng Chong’s jing before finally stopping the essence blood transfusion.

His own complexion had taken on a sickly yellow tone, and his gaze had dimmed slightly.

With his body fully recovered, Meng Chong began recounting his experience in Room 3.

At the current stage, Meng Kui couldn’t possibly imagine that Golden Blood Battle Ape Dasheng was a trap laid by other competitors. Stroking his beard in thought, he finally said, “In terms of martial arts, you and that mechanical ape are too far apart. Even if you start special training, it would take a considerable amount of time to catch up.

“Your time is extremely precious. You must seize every moment!

“I know a method that can help you quickly close the gap, but it will be extremely painful.”

Meng Chong was overjoyed. “Grandfather, I don’t even know the meaning of the word pain! What kind of method is it?”

“Lightning strike,” Meng Kui replied.

Meng Chong blinked. “I strike what with lightning?”

Meng Kui shook his head. “You get struck.”

“Ah?”

Meng Chong was about to say something when a sudden thunderclap rang out. A flash of blue light streaked through the clouds.

Meng Chong took a direct hit and was paralyzed on the spot. His whole body turned pitch black, his hair poofed outward, and wisps of dark smoke curled up from skin.

Boom, boom, boom...

Thunder echoed again and again amid the clouds and mist.

Meng Chong gritted his teeth and endured with sheer willpower, constantly replaying his fight with Golden Blood Battle Ape Dasheng in his mind. “I will master this. I must reclaim my pride!”

…

At the Ning estate.

Ning Xiaohui was also undergoing special training.

She reached both her hands into a basin filled with ice.

A wave of bone-piercing cold surged through her body, turning her face pale and causing her to shiver uncontrollably.

“Hang in there, Xiaohui.” Her grandmother stood sternly beside her, offering encouragement.

“You have the Ice Jade Hands innate talent. It’s the best way to counter Ning Zhuo.

“Ning Zhuo’s innate talent is still unidentified. Even if we figure out what it is, we may not have the proper methods to fully develop it.

“But you are different. Your Ice Jade Hands have appeared many times in our clan’s history.

“That’s the advantage of a clan.

“We have the same bloodline, cultivate the same techniques, and use the same kinds of resources.

“Many methods of cultivating the Ice Jade Hands have been developed by our ancestors over the generations.”

Ning Xiaohui had a resolute expression on her face. “I understand, Grandmother. The Ice Jade Hands have always been my greatest asset.

“Once I finish this special training, that trifling Ning Zhuo will be nothing to me.”

…

In the Zhou Clan.

Several tubes were inserted into Zhou Zeshen’s body, with medicinal liquid flowing into him ceaselessly.

He was cultivating with all his might.

…

In the Zheng Clan.

Zheng Jian was relentlessly training with mechanical puppets, completely focused and lost in a trance.

The struggle over the Lava Immortal Palace had already passed the opening stage and was entering an even more intense phase.

…

The night deepened.

Yuan Er tossed and turned, unable to sleep peacefully.

Ever since Yuan Dasheng’s death, he had spent every night like this. His heart was full of emptiness and insecurity.

“Why isn’t Uncle Dasheng’s mechanical construct finished yet?

“Tomorrow! Tomorrow, I’ll go and find Ning Zhuo!”

…

Inside the Lava Immortal Palace.

Golden Blood Battle Ape Dasheng crouched silently in Room 3. In this inactive state, it was indistinguishable from the surrounding bricks and stone.

