Chapter 1021: I Am of the Righteous Path

In the Three Lights Dao Heaven Cave Manor, the starlight hung low.

Ning Zhuo sat before his desk, with over a dozen flying letters laid out in front of him.

The young man was not wearing the Great Thousand Mechanism Sound Garment today; he merely had a loose azure robe draped over his shoulders.

Sun Lingtong sat opposite him. He leaned to the side, half of his shoulder resting against the back of the chair, with one leg crossed over the other. Holding a cup of spirit tea in his hands, he would occasionally blow on the hot steam.

A trace of fatigue still lingered on his childlike face. Evidently, his previous infiltration of the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar had taken a considerable toll on him.

After reading the last flying letter, Ning Zhuo gently tapped his fingertips against the desk.

Tap.

Tap.

The sound was crisp and clear within the quiet meditation room.

Sun Lingtong raised his eyes. "What's the word?"

Ning Zhuo set down the flying letter in his hand, his gaze falling upon the lamplight. "The southwestern earth veins of the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar have been destroyed. Although the Light-Sealing Watchtower has been closed, its very foundation has been damaged. Tu Yuanzi estimates that if they only seek to keep it barely operational, it can be maintained. But if they want a full recovery, it will take at least three to five years, or even upwards of a decade."

Sun Lingtong let out an "oh," surprised by the magnitude of the loss. "That miserable?"

Ning Zhuo nodded. "Tu Yuanzi is close to me and excels in the Earth Element. When he investigated, the Grand Formation was indeed damaged. It should be the truth."

"Besides, he isn't the only one saying this. I sent flying letters to ask several people, and everyone's accounts of the specific losses are unanimous."

The big-headed youth's expression was somewhat complex.

Different people describing the same event from different perspectives, yet the content was fundamentally identical. Chunyangzi was in a miserable state, far worse than Ning Zhuo had originally estimated.

Ning Zhuo slowly exhaled a breath and said, "I originally thought that if Chunyangzi used the matter of the pill toxicity to pressure me, I would counter by revealing the secret of the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar. Now, it seems that won't be necessary for the time being."

Sun Lingtong raised an eyebrow. "Oh? You actually have moments where you go soft?"

Ning Zhuo looked up at him. "Boss, I am someone of the Righteous Path, after all."

Sun Lingtong rolled his eyes on the spot.

This wasn't the first time he had heard this phrase, but every time he did, it made his teeth ache.

Ning Zhuo, however, did not smile. He reached out to gather the flying letters on the desk and looked at Sun Lingtong. "Do you want to read them?"

Sun Lingtong shook his head, choosing to be lazy. "It's fine as long as you've read them."

Ning Zhuo placed the flying letters into a sapphire jade box. His movements were steady, his fingertips unhurried, as if he were arranging pieces on a chessboard.

"Chunyangzi has paid too great a price." Ning Zhuo closed the jade box. "The Pure Yang Ancestor Pill is gone, the Yang Fish was injured by The Heaven-Draping Single Line Hook, and now the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar has been destroyed. He himself is severely injured and will find it difficult to recover in the short term. He still harbors a fluke mentality, hoping we haven't seen through his great secret of reaching Soul Formation. Exposing him right now would easily drive him to desperation."

Sun Lingtong fell silent.

He recalled the scene underground - Chunyangzi forcibly enduring his heavy injuries to suppress the earth veins, his crimson-gold Daoist robes fluttering wildly in the night wind, fine blood oozing from the old wound between his brows, his hand tightly clutching a small vial containing qi signatures.

In that moment, Chunyangzi appeared tough, but in reality, he had already gambled away his entire fortune!

Sun Lingtong smacked his lips, his voice dropping slightly. "Although that old guy has a lot of schemes, he really is the one standing at the very front taking the hits. It truly is a bit miserable."

Ning Zhuo gently nodded.

Sun Lingtong continued, "Now I've finally figured out why you insisted on saving the Red-Robed Guest before."

Ning Zhuo looked at him.

Sun Lingtong set down his teacup and clasped his hands behind his head, causing the chair to creak softly under his weight. "Back when you declared you would fight a battle against the Three Valiants of the Death-Facing Sect, I even tried to talk you out of it. I told you that you were crazy for risking your life against those three old bastards just for the Red-Robed Guest's remnant soul. No matter how you look at it, it was a losing trade!"

Ning Zhuo lowered his eyes. The lamplight reflected in his pupils like motionless golden stars.

The scene from back then seemed to flash before his eyes once again.

It had also been in the Three Lights Dao Heaven Cave Manor.

-----

The lamplight had hung low.

Sun Lingtong paced back and forth around him, his small arms flailing in agitation. "Little Zhuo, is your brain waterlogged? Who are the Three Valiants of the Death-Facing Sect? They've killed Nascent Soul cultivators! You're only at the mid-stage of Foundation Establishment. Is the Red-Robed Guest your father or something? Are you really going to trade your life for his soul?"

Ning Zhuo had been sitting by the desk, his fingertips rubbing his Mechanism Ring.

He simply looked up and said to Sun Lingtong, "Boss, the Red-Robed Guest must be saved."

"Why?"

"Because he is my political fulcrum within Nanming Stronghold to counter Chunyangzi."

Sun Lingtong had paused his steps then. "What do you mean?"

Ning Zhuo continued, "The Red-Robed Guest and Chunyangzi are mortal enemies. Even though he is dead, his remnant soul remains. As long as his remnant soul is there, his political significance remains. Nanming Stronghold is not Chunyang Peak, nor can it be allowed to become Chunyang Peak. Chunyangzi walks alongside me today, but in the future, he is bound to fight against me."

Sun Lingtong raised an eyebrow.

Ning Zhuo's gaze remained tranquil. "When experts play chess, they must look three steps ahead for every step they take. Enemies and friends will constantly shift. Today's ally might become tomorrow's formidable rival. Today's enemy might be pulled to the same table the day after."

He raised his hand, looking at his own palm.

"I am only at the mid-stage of Foundation Establishment. If I wait until Chunyangzi truly takes control of Nanming Stronghold, until his prestige, interests, and public support all bear down on me, it will be too late to try and fight back."

Sun Lingtong stared at Ning Zhuo.

Normally, Ning Zhuo was mild-mannered, even possessing a bit of a youth's shyness. But the moment the conversation turned to situations, human nature, and power, his eyes would grow incredibly deep, like an ancient well.

Sun Lingtong had scratched his head back then. "But you can't just throw your life away for real, right?"

Ning Zhuo smiled.

His laughter was very light, carrying a hint of a youth's cunning.

"I will go make an oath under the Truth Bell."

"The Truth Bell can verify my true intentions. I genuinely do want to save the Red-Robed Guest, and I genuinely am willing to take responsibility for Nanming Stronghold. This way, I can easily establish a righteous cause."

"Then, I will extricate myself from under the Truth Bell."

Sun Lingtong: "Huh?"

Ning Zhuo then transmitted a thought using his divine sense: This and that, thus and so...

Sun Lingtong was stunned for a moment before punching Ning Zhuo on the shoulder. "You brat, you've really got some tricks up your sleeve!"

Ning Zhuo reached up and rubbed his nose. "Boss, I am someone of the Righteous Path, after all."

-----

Recalling up to this point, Sun Lingtong looked at the Ning Zhuo in front of him once more.

Ning Zhuo was still sitting at his desk, his brow and eyes peaceful, his large-headed silhouette appearing perfectly harmless in the lamplight.

Sun Lingtong, however, knew very well that the "Righteous Path" prowess of the kid before him was growing more profound by the day. Once he started scheming, it was never just a matter of one or two steps.

"Or rather, since Little Zhuo has just arrived at the Myriad Manifestations Sect's main gate, he needs time to adapt."

"The longer he stays here, the more familiar he becomes with the situation, and the more connections he weaves, the more he will feel like a fish in water, allowing him to truly unleash his Righteous Path foundation."

Sun Lingtong rapidly reviewed a few recent events-

First, Ning Zhuo took the initiative to announce his challenge to the Three Valiants of the Death-Facing Sect, drawing everyone's attention.

Then, Qinghuangzi, the Confucian cultivator, the Zhu Clan, Tie Kuang, and others intervened, sending him from beneath the Truth Bell into the Rising Cloud Minor Trial.

Blinded by greed and carrying the banner of Nanming Stronghold's righteous cause, Chunyangzi charged to the very front. He fought against Liang Ming and secured a pyrrhic victory over the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar.

Now, Chunyang Palace's reserves were largely depleted, the Yang Fish was injured, the Ancestor Pill's medicinal efficacy was completely gone, the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar had been damaged, and Chunyangzi himself had suffered injuries on top of injuries.

In stark contrast was Ning Zhuo.

He had repaired the Naming Fire Furnace.

Furthermore, through Sun Lingtong, he had uncovered the true secret of the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar. When facing a Nascent Soul expert like Chunyangzi, he held the trump card!

Now, all he had to do was make an appearance, and he would instantly become one of the most dazzling figures in Nanming Stronghold.

Having figured all this out, Sun Lingtong couldn't help but feel a slight chill in his heart, though he also found it amusing.

He pointed a finger at Ning Zhuo and shook his head, saying, "If we're talking about Yin, your methods are truly Yin, little brother."

Ning Zhuo said with a straight face, "Boss, this is merely statecraft. I don't understand the Dao of Yin at all. But when it comes to the Dao of Yang, I am a Grandmaster."

Sun Lingtong nearly spat out a mouthful of tea.

He rolled his eyes dramatically. "Right now, I am the Grandmaster of the Dao of Yang!"

Ning Zhuo burst into laughter.

Sun Lingtong laughed along.

The two brothers looked quite like a pair of scoundrels colluding together.

After laughing, Sun Lingtong's expression turned serious again. "Jokes aside, though, these realms of comprehension are incredibly useful! The only reason I was able to sneak in last night was because you instilled your comprehensions of the Dao of Yang, Dao of Formations, and Dao of Earth into me. Otherwise, the formation lines, earth veins, and Yang Qi circulation in that place were so unfamiliar and complex that I wouldn't have even scratched the surface."

He reached out and gestured in mid-air. "In the past, when I looked at a treasured land of feng shui, at most I'd know that the spiritual energy here was vibrant, or the fire energy there was abundant. Last night was different. I could see exactly how the Sun-Supporting stone patterns diverted the sun's essence, how the Crimson Paulownia root veins connected to the fire veins, and how the cloud apertures supported the excessive Yang Qi. It felt as though the world had suddenly revealed its true face to me."

Ning Zhuo said, "If they're useful, just keep using them."

Sun Lingtong sat up straight and rejected the offer. "You should use them all. You have to participate in the Rising Cloud Minor Trial next, and you still have to deal with the Three Valiants of the Death-Facing Sect. You need them more than I do."

Ning Zhuo shook his head. "It won't be necessary for now."

Sun Lingtong frowned. "But you still have to go to war with the Three Valiants of the Death-Facing Sect."

"I must fight," Ning Zhuo said. "Since I have come out of seclusion and the Naming Fire Furnace has been repaired, I have to give the public an explanation. Otherwise, my resolve sworn beneath the Truth Bell and the righteous cause I've built up will both become hollow."

Sun Lingtong's lips moved, and he ultimately couldn't hold back. "The Nascent Soul soul inside the Three Valiants' Life-Claiming Nail was entirely absorbed by you. And that nail itself was a trap. Don't tell me you've mastered some technique to counter their 'live together, die together' curse? No, that can't be. If you had, you would have told me long ago."

There had never been anything they couldn't discuss between the two of them.

Ning Zhuo's cultivation progress, what he gained from the Boat-Burning Soul-Crossing Art, the transfer of realms via the Dao-Bearing Jade Page, the restoration status of the Naming Fire Furnace - he had kept virtually nothing hidden from Sun Lingtong.

Ning Zhuo shook his head. "Boss, rest assured. The moment Chunyangzi achieved victory in the five-win martial contest and Nanming Stronghold took control of the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar, this matter ceased to be a problem."

Sun Lingtong: "Huh?"

A sharp light flickered in Ning Zhuo's eyes. "Furthermore, the Naming Fire Furnace has been fully repaired, making it even less of an issue."

He gave a soft chuckle. "From here on out, you just need to sit back and watch my operation."

Sun Lingtong stared at him for a moment before suddenly letting out a chuckle and shrugging. "You brat, then your boss will just wait and see."

-----

The next day.

At the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar, the morning light was just beginning to rise.

The southwestern earth veins that were damaged the night before had already been concealed by a formation, and a new layer of crimson-gold stone slabs had been paved over the ground. Fire patterns that had yet to fully extinguish could still be seen at the edges of the slabs. The roots of the Azure Hornless Dragon Spirit Trees bulged slightly from beneath the earth, resembling slumbering pythons.