Chapter 11: In the End, He’s Still a Youngster

Faced with Ning Zhanji's sudden test, the others looked at each other in bewilderment.

Ning Zhuo guessed: “These spirit plants are still young and not very valuable, so it can’t be that we’re picking them to sell. Instead, we’re cleaning them up to keep this passage clear; if we leave the spirit plants to grow here, spirit beasts and monster beasts will come over as well. In order to use this passage for a long period of time, our clan has to make sure that that doesn’t happen.”

“Not bad.” Ning Zhanji nodded. “It seems you’ve learned well in the academy. As a reward, you can pick one of these spirit plants. As for which one you pick, that will depend on your eyesight.”

Ning Zhuo didn’t hesitate. He reached out and grabbed the fire crystal grass, then expressed his gratitude: “Thank you, Sir Ning Zhanji! I’ve done some research into the herbal medicine market. Among these spirit plants, the fire crystal grass is the most expensive.”

Ning Zhanji nodded, then shook his head: “You picked the one with the highest market price, and that isn’t a bad thing. But if it were me, I would have chosen the vigor ginseng.

“The cultivation technique of our Ning Clan is ice-aligned, making spirit plants like the fire crystal grass unsuitable for us. However, vigor ginseng can be used to nourish our bodies.

“You are still young, so don’t blindly chase after money. You should know that investing in yourself is the true path to success.

“Once you reach the Foundation Establishment stage, your whole life will be completely different.”

Ning Zhuo had an expression of enlightenment as he listened.

Ning Zhanji took the opportunity to continue teaching: “An outstanding cultivator is one who dares to fight. It’s important that you judge risk and reward clearly; if you join the war hall and are assigned to this place, you’ll be able to harvest several spirit plants every day under the protection of the temporary encampment. This is a rare opportunity.

“Oftentimes, rejecting risks means rejecting opportunities.”

Ning Zhuo seemed thoughtful. His expression was obvious to Ning Zhanji, who chuckled internally: “In the end, he’s still a youngster…”

“Sir, I want to join!” Ning Yong shouted.

Ning Zhanji laughed: “Newbie, see if you can pass the special training first.”

Soon, the team of Ning Clan cultivators entered an underground hall. This was obviously a frontline encampment that the clan had established.

There were two cultivators of the Ning Clan stationed in the hall, who quickly greeted the arriving team.

Ning Zhanji ordered the team to take a rest. Standing in the center of the underground hall, he operated his magical power and formed hand seals.

Complex formation patterns immediately appeared on the cavern ceiling. At the center of the formation patterns, a formation disk the size of a millstone slowly descended until it landed in front of Ning Zhanji.

Placing his hands on the formation disk, Ning Zhanji sent out his divine sense and quickly retrieved the recorded information. In just a few breaths of time, he knew everything that had happened in this frontline encampment.

After doing all this, he took out some spirit stones and replaced all the dimmed, used-up spirit stones inside the formation disk.

Then, after a short rest, the team of Ning Clan cultivators resumed their journey.

Along the way, they passed three encampments in total. They rested in some, and directly walked through others.

As they walked deeper and deeper into the volcano, the threat level also gradually increased.

They found more and more traces of monster beasts.

There were fire velvet rats the size of a person’s foot, red lava demons whose rocky heads floated in the air, and even Flame-Treading Lizards.

“Stop!” Ning Zhanji, who had been leading at the front, suddenly raised his hand and stopped in place.

The rest of the cultivators quickly stopped, going from motion to stillness in an instant and displaying perfect discipline and obedience.

Ning Zhanji lowered his head and carefully examined a small groove in front of him.

He stretched out his finger and gently stroked the inside of the small groove. The surface was smooth and emitted a slight luster, like glass.

“It’s a fire snake, probably more than a hundred years old. In other words, a monster beast at the Foundation Establishment stage.” After explaining, Ning Zhanji ordered the entire team to be on high alert.

Ning Yong was excited: “We’re finally going to see one! With Sir Ning Zhanji here, what’s there to fear from a mere monster beast?”

Ning Chen analyzed: “Not counting us newcomers, there are six Foundation Establishment cultivators here, and the others are all in the upper levels of Qi Refining. A mere Foundation Establishment monster beast is nothing to worry about.”

However, Ning Zhuo secretly grew wary. He knew that the physical bodies of monster beasts usually far surpassed those of human cultivators. Moreover, this was the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern; if the battle was drawn out, then it could attract a horde of other monster beasts.

The team of Ning Clan cultivators continued moving forward. However, their speed had slowed significantly, and the mood had also changed.

Soon, they came across the fire snake.

The fire snake’s body was slender, and it glowed with dazzling flames. In fact, it almost seemed like a blazing flame in and of itself.

Actually, fire snakes were existences similar to flame spirits, lacking the physical body of conventional monster beasts.

The fire snake was fast and fierce. As it slithered over the rocks, it left a snaking groove in its wake.

When Ning Zhanji had found the groove previously, his judgment had been based on the width of the groove and the remnant heat on its surface.

Now that they met the true owner, the group found that Ning Zhanji’s judgment had been correct.

This was indeed a Foundation Establishment stage monster beast.

The Ning Clan cultivators prepared to attack.

First, a cultivator threw out a formation disk, giving rise to a formation that concealed everyone’s aura.

Next, many cultivators launched spells, causing numerous water arrows to shoot at the fire snake.

The fire snake was immediately struck by a wave of sneak attacks. It was only after the flames on its body were mostly extinguished that it managed to react.

The fire snake charged at the Ning Clan cultivators with fierce momentum. In response, two burly men covered in spell power rushed out from the team, wrestling the fire snake and holding it down.

The rest of the cultivators continued casting spells. Some reinforced the burly cultivators, while others unleashed offensive spells to kill the fire snake.

Two fists cannot defeat four hands; in the face of overwhelming numbers, and bombarded by countless water- and ice-type spells, the fire snake’s body quickly shrank to one-third of its previous size.

Realizing that it was outmatched, the fire snake tried to escape. But Ning Zhanji jumped over like lightning and intercepted it. He clapped his hands together and sent out two palms made of frost.

The palms spiraled through the air, exuding waves of biting cold that caused the fire snake’s movements to slow.

Two booms echoed out at almost the same time as the frost palms directly brought an end to the fire snake’s life.

A perfect kill!

Ning Yong’s eyes lit up, and he became more and more excited: “As expected of Sir Ning Zhanji!”

His voice was full of yearning and admiration.

Ning Zhuo nodded repeatedly. His expression was similar to Ning Yong, but internally, he was wondering: “This volcano has strong fire-element spirit energy, making frost spells rather unwieldy. Why is everyone using them?”

After a few more battles against monster beasts, Ning Zhuo gradually understood.

As it turned out, Ning Zhanji was doing this to train his troops.

When they encountered weaker monster beasts, they used spells and trained their cooperation.

When strong monster beasts appeared, they used various magic artifacts, and Ning Zhanji attacked at the vanguard.

In order to avoid trouble, the team focused on ending their battles as fast as possible.

“There’s a Molten Flame Demonic Ape up ahead!” Suddenly, the cultivator in charge of scouting shouted a warning.

The whole team immediately halted.

An adult Molten Flame Demonic Ape was very difficult to take down. A single demonic ape could be as strong as ten Foundation Establishment cultivators.

And a demonic ape this far in was unlikely to be a juvenile.

Even Ning Zhanji furrowed his brows at this news.

“Wait a second, there’s something wrong with the demonic ape.” The lookout closed his eyes tightly, and the headband on his head emitted a faint light.

“It… it’s dead?!” The lookout exclaimed in disbelief as he opened his eyes.

