Chapter 12: Trap

Ning Zhanji thought for a moment, then sent two cultivators to check it out while the rest of the team retreated slightly.

A while later, the two scouts returned and reported: “It’s a demonic ape’s corpse!”

The team’s tense mood immediately relaxed.

When they arrived at the corpse of the demonic ape, Ning Yong exclaimed aloud. This was his first time seeing a Molten Flame Demonic Ape.

It had a brawny physique and was about three meters tall, covered in thick, fiery red fur.

The demonic ape’s fangs were bared, and it had died with its eyes open.

Molten Flame Demonic Apes were strange existences; their flesh and blood were mixed with lava. Although this one was dead, the wounds on its body still revealed its internal structure. Hot lava seemed to flow inside of it, although that lava was cooling rapidly.

Ning Zhanji frowned. This was unexpected.

He would rather have encountered a living Molten Flame Demonic Ape. Now, the situation had become complicated.

“A fierce battle took place here! The Molten Flame Demonic Ape was attacked and lost its life…

“What on earth could have killed an adult Molten Flame Demonic Ape in a one-on-one battle? These traces don’t align with any monster beasts I know of.”

Ning Zhanji knew that he had to investigate things clearly. If he didn’t gather any intelligence on this mysterious monster beast, the clan’s army might suffer heavy losses when they made their move in the future.

In fact, the reason Ning Zhanji had led a team here in the first place was to gain a clear understanding of the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern.

This was his responsibility.

Thus, Ning Zhanji decisively abandoned his original route and led the team to follow the traces left behind by the battle.

“Since this mysterious monster beast had a fierce fight with an adult demonic ape, its strength shouldn’t be too different. We should be able to take care of it.

“Moreover, it must have been seriously injured during the battle. This is a great opportunity!”

Ning Zhanji’s eyes glimmered as the team continued tracking the mysterious monster beast.

Along the way, they found the remains of other monster beasts. For example, there was fire essence scattered on the ground from a fire snake’s death, the corpse of a Flame-Treading Lizard, and stone fragments from a dead red lava demon.

As they continued the pursuit, the Ning Clan cultivators put more and more things into their storage bags.

“Boss, what the heck are we chasing? It’s killed so many monster beasts!”

“Haha, what a windfall. If there are a few more mysterious monster beasts like this, we’ll get rich without having to do anything.”

Ning Zhanji frowned, thinking internally: “If it were a cultivator, it wouldn’t have left these things behind. But even so, it didn’t eat any part of the corpses, nor did it consume the fire essence. Most likely, this mysterious monster beast comes from outside the volcano and isn’t part of the food chain here.

“Could it be someone’s pet? In any case, I have to uncover its true identity!”

With renewed resolve, Ning Zhanji continued the chase.

Eventually, the team arrived at a dead end.

“No way forward?”

“It can’t be!”

“The traces clearly pointed in this direction…”

The Ning Clan cultivators were puzzled.

Ning Zhanji looked around, then muttered an incantation under his breath. Soon, he focused his gaze on a certain spot.

“Stand back and form up. Blast that wall to see if it breaks.” Ning Zhanji ordered.

The Ning Clan cultivators arranged themselves into three small formations. Ning Zhuo and Ning Yong were placed in the formation that was furthest back and told not to run around.

Boom, boom, boom!

The cultivators joined forces and continuously bombarded the wall.

As the attacks struck the wall, bright formation light burst out.

There was actually a defensive formation hidden here!

This defensive formation was crude and simple. It didn’t take long before it broke. Then, the wall was destroyed, revealing a hidden passage.

“There’s a passage here? Did someone deliberately conceal it?”

Ning Zhanji frowned.

He was no longer so confident in his previous conclusion.

Obviously, the one who arranged the formation here had to be a cultivator. Even if it wasn’t a human cultivator, it would be a monster cultivator that had gained intelligence.

After hesitating for a moment, Ning Zhanji decided to continue the chase.

As the Ning Clan cultivators entered the mysterious passage, they quickly found traces similar to the previous ones.

“Maybe it’s some cultivator’s intelligent spirit pet that has permission to pass through the formation.”

“There are traces of humans all over this passage. Other people must have come through before us.”

“So we’re late?”

“Huh, what’s that?”

“We’re almost at the end of the passageway.”

"Be careful!"

The Ning Clan cultivators exited the passage and arrived at a wide and flat underground clearing.

There were also two formations in this clearing, both of which were as crude as children’s scribbling.

Just as Ning Zhanji sent people to search for clues, the roars of monster beasts resounded in the underground clearing.

Waves of roars came one after another, echoing from all directions.

Shocked, Ning Zhanji immediately ordered a retreat. However, hot lava suddenly filled the previous passage, forcing the team to remain in the clearing.

"Damn it!"

"It’s a trap!!"

“Who was it? The other two clans? Or the City Lord?!”

Ning Zhanji was furious. After ordering the team to form up, he also sent a few people to investigate the situation.

The results of investigation were extremely dire.

This underground clearing was like a transit station that connected many passages. And right now, countless monster beasts were pouring out from every passage.

The Ning Clan cultivators set up a defensive formation in a corner of the clearing, utilizing the principles of dynamic formations to the fullest. Fortunately, they were well prepared and had brought many formation disks, allowing them to quickly arrange a powerful defensive formation.

A semicircle-shaped curtain of ice-colored light appeared around them, joining with the cavern wall behind them to form a perfect defense.

The first monster beasts to rush over were fire velvet rats. Unlike those outside, the fire velvet rats here were all at least half a person long!

The swarm of fire velvet rats seemed to have gone mad, crashing into the ice curtain and dying by the dozen.

Cracks quickly appeared in the ice curtain.

Some lava demons flying in the air bypassed the ice curtain and attacked directly. The well-prepared Ning Clan cultivators joined forces and activated their magic tools, sending large numbers of flying swords and needles piercing through the lava demons.

Soon, they finished setting up a second defensive formation, this time in a dome shape that covered them completely.

In an instant, the noise outside the formation weakened.

“Continue setting up formations!” Ning Zhanji’s expression was still deadly serious.

The Ning Clan cultivators had only just set up the third formation – a pillar of light that reached up to the ceiling – when they suddenly sensed an immense aura.

The cultivators were all shocked.

“Golden Core aura! Don’t tell me we’ve been chasing after a Golden Core cultivator?”

“I know this aura! It’s the Zheng Clan’s old ancestor, Zheng Shuanggou[^1]!”

“Are we under attack by the Zheng Clan?!”

Notes:

[^1]: Zheng Shuanggou – 鄭雙鉤 – Shuanggou means “twin hooks”

