Chapter 13: Decisive Action

The Ning Clan cultivators were about to fall into chaos.

“Shut up!” Ning Zhanji decisively roared. “If it really is Zheng Shuanggou who wants to harm us, none of us can escape.

“But that’s unlikely to be the case. If the Zheng Clan wanted to do something, why would they attack us little people? That would only be beating the grass and startling the snake[^1].

“We won’t be their first choice of target.”

After calming the team down, Ning Zhanji suddenly saw someone wielding twin hooks rushing around in the horde of monster beasts and killing their way through one of the passages.

"It's Zheng Shuanggou!”

“That’s his signature weapon, the Sun-Moon Hooks.”

"Phew, he's not here to deal with us!"

The Ning Clan cultivators finally let go of their worries. But the next moment, their expressions grew grim again.

As more and more monster beasts attacked them, the pressure on the defensive formations also increased dramatically. Ning Zhanji had to send small groups of people to kill monster beasts outside the formations in order to relieve some of the pressure.

After all, these formations had been set up hastily and couldn’t be relied on.

With the never-ending assault of fierce monster beasts, and in spite of the Ning Clan cultivators’ desperate counterattacks, the outermost ice curtain quickly broke.

The dome cover also didn’t last long.

Fortunately, the Ning Clan cultivators had managed to set up a fourth formation during this time.

Everyone huddled within the pillar of light, exerting all possible efforts to defend their position.

Ning Yong’s face was pale and his body was trembling: “Are we going to die here today?”

Ning Chen’s calmness had long disappeared, and his face was full of panic.

Ning Zhuo had a similar expression; however, a faint light flickered in his eyes.

Boom, boom, boom!!

Suddenly, three explosions echoed out, and the ground shook violently.

The monster beasts fled frantically as a dark figure burst through the wall and rushed into the underground clearing.

Then, Zheng Shuanggou, the Golden Core cultivator of the Zheng Clan, also appeared and gave chase.

“Little rat, you dare covet the immortal palace? Die for me!” Zheng Shuanggou roared.

Zheng Shuanggou slashed with all his strength, causing a five-meter-long ray of blade qi to sweep out.

The black shadow laughed loudly in a hoarse voice: “The treasures of this world of cultivation shall be obtained by their fated ones. You little clans of Fire Persimmon Immortal City want to swallow up the Lava Immortal Palace by yourselves? Dream on!”

As it spoke, the black shadow parried the blade qi and used the impact force to fly backward toward the Ning Clan cultivators.

Ning Zhanji’s heart pounded in alarm. He immediately moved to the center of the formation and shouted: “I’m taking over the formation!”

The defensive formation immediately shone with unprecedented brilliance.

However, when the black shadow arrived in front of the formation, it merely waved a hand and caused the whole formation to shatter.

Then, it waved its hand again, and numerous cultivators immediately fell down. Their bodies were unharmed, but they were no longer alive.

“Demonic cultivator! How dare you!” Zheng Shuanggou rushed over furiously.

The black shadow demonic cultivator turned around and resumed fighting Zheng Shuanggou.

"Sir Ning Zhanji!" The Ning Clan cultivators shouted.

But Ning Zhanji had fallen to the ground, eyes wide open in death.

With the loss of both their leader and the defensive formation, in the face of the incoming horde of monster beasts, the Ning Clan cultivators could only scatter in all directions!

Casualties began rising almost instantly.

At this critical moment, Ning Zhuo suddenly shouted: “Go to the passage where the Golden Core cultivators came from! There won’t be as many monster beasts there!!”

After hearing this reminder, the panicked Ning Clan cultivators were all jolted.

“Right!”

“That passage was cleaned out by two Golden Core cultivators. There shouldn’t be many monster beasts left!”

“Let’s go!”

And so, the Ning Clan cultivators once again joined up and rushed toward the passage entrance.

“Ning Yong, Ning Chen, follow me!” Ning Zhuo pulled out numerous frost talismans and scattered them everywhere. These talismans all came from his time in the academy.

Ning Yong and Ning Chen both subconsciously followed Ning Zhuo, eyes red and fighting with all their might.

Barely holding on with each other’s help, the trio followed the other Ning Clan members and entered the passage.

Behind them, the two Golden Core cultivators were still fighting fiercely, sending monster beasts fleeing in all directions. Many monster beasts fled in the same direction as the Ning Clan, rushing over to the same passage.

The entrance to the passage was full of monster beast corpses with few survivors, but more and more monster beasts continued pouring in from behind.

Under such pressure, the Ning Clan cultivators had no choice but to keep running deeper into the passage.

"Kill! Kill! Kill!"

As they ran, they encountered some monster beasts blocking the way. But every single one of these monster beasts was slaughtered in an instant by the desperate Ning Clan cultivators running for their lives.

“What’s that?!”

"The Lava Immortal Palace!"

“So this passage actually led to the Lava Immortal Palace!”

The Ning Clan cultivators arrived at a lava lake, where they could see a small portion of the immortal palace peeking out.

“Lava Immortal Palace…” Ning Zhuo’s expression was quite natural. As an ordinary young man, he was of course shocked to see the immortal palace for the first time. But something no one noticed was the subtle gleam that suddenly appeared in his eyes!

Actually, he had already expected this to happen.

Next to him, Ning Chen panted: “This isn’t surprising! Didn’t you hear what the two Golden Core cultivators said earlier?

“That black shadow demonic cultivator must have tried to sneak in, but got caught by Zheng Shuanggou!”

Right now, the Ning Clan cultivators were in a very bad situation.

In front of them, there was a lava lake revealing the tip of the immortal palace. Behind, there was an unending stream of fierce monster beasts.

Left with no other choice, the remaining Ning Clan cultivators could only set up defensive formations again.

They set up two formations, one inside the other. The pressure from the monster beasts was much weaker than when they were in the underground clearing.

“We can stop them!” The Ning Clan cultivators had only just felt relief when a loud boom echoed out.

“Where do you think you’re going!?” Zheng Shuanggou’s voice was closer than before.

The Ning Clan cultivators suddenly felt as if they had fallen into an icy cave. Obviously, that black shadow demonic cultivator was coming back to kill again!

“Looks like we’re all going to die today!” Ning Yong’s face was utterly pale.

Ning Chen simply closed his eyes in despair.

The spark of hope that had just ignited was now ruthlessly extinguished. The two newbies had completely lost their fighting spirit after falling from heaven to hell.

“Yeah, we’re going to die. But so what!” Ning Zhuo suddenly shouted. “Better to die fighting than to die hiding away!”

Incited by these words, Ning Yong’s expression changed. He mustered his last bit of courage and stood tall with gritted teeth.

Ning Chen opened his eyes and looked at Ning Zhuo, secretly admiring his classmate’s courage in the face of death.

Newfound bravery welled up within him as well: “Ah Zhuo, well said! Dying at the hands of a Golden Core cultivator in front of the Lava Immortal Palace is a worthy death.”

As soon as he finished speaking, a huge cloud of thick smoke rushed over. This thick smoke was pitch-black and contained a surging energy that could block divine sense.

Masses of shadows flew out from the black smoke, turning into countless shadow snakes that rushed toward the Lava Immortal Palace in the lava lake.

But before they could make it halfway, these terrifying pythons all dissipated.

Zheng Shuanggou’s furious roar echoed out: “Attacking the immortal palace? Don’t even think about it!!”

A moment later, the snakes reappeared; this time, rather than attacking the immortal palace, they struck out toward the passages in the surroundings.

Under their crazed assault, the walls of the passages cracked and nearly collapsed.

“This lunatic!” Seeing this scene, even Zheng Shuanggou felt his heart go cold.

He had no choice but to switch from offense to defense, using all his strength and surging magical power to protect the passages.

Suddenly, a long shadow snake shot out from the black smoke and struck the Ning Clan’s formation.

Naturally, a Golden Core-level attack wasn’t something the Ning Clan’s formation could withstand. It shattered instantaneously!

Then, black smoke poured in, completely obscuring the vision of the remaining Ning Clan cultivators.

“Come at me!” Ning Yong shouted at the top of his lungs. Full of courage, he was determined to fight to the death.

In the roiling black smoke, nothing could be seen.

All of a sudden, Ning Zhuo was completely alone.

He took out the token and summoned the Iron Will Gray Armor. As the iron armor covered his body, his battle prowess immediately rose to Foundation Establishment!

Notes:

[^1]: Beat the grass and startle the snake – 打草驚蛇 – Basically he’s saying that hurting the team would expose the Zheng Clan’s intentions before they’re ready.

