Chapter 14: Bombing the Immortal Palace!

Ning Zhuo relied on his memory and leapt into the air, landing nimbly behind Ning Yong.

Feeling wind behind him, Ning Yong subconsciously turned his head. But no matter how wide he opened his eyes, he couldn’t see the Iron Will Gray Armor right next to him.

Ning Zhuo knocked Ning Yong unconscious with a light strike, then tossed him into a corner. He then knocked out Ning Chen and threw him next to Ning Yong.

After doing this, he quickly ran toward the lava lake at full speed.

“There’s someone in front of me, five steps away.

“Two people on the left, one step and four steps away respectively.

“Three people standing together on the right, three steps away.”

Although the black smoke obscured his vision and blocked his divine sense, Ning Zhuo had carefully memorized the position of every single Ning Clan cultivator.

While others were like blind people, he alone seemed to have his eyes open as he accurately dodged past everyone in his way.

Rushing over like a flash of lightning, Ning Zhuo quickly arrived at the lava lake. Thanks to the protection of the Iron Will Gray Armor, the burning heat had no effect on him at all.

“Now!” Ning Zhuo patted his storage bag and summoned the explosive fire monkey.

This explosive fire monkey was half a person tall, with bright red fur and bulging muscles. Under Ning Zhuo’s precise control, the monkey dived into the lava without hesitation.

Then, Ning Zhuo turned and ran!

Every second counted!

The explosive fire monkey swam through the thick lava, diving ever downward.

Its blood-red fur soon melted under the terrifying heat. The lifelike flesh exposed beneath the fur also quickly turned into black charcoal.

At this time, the “blood” flowing inside the mechanical monkey evaporated in large quantities, dissipating the heat and causing steam to rise from the monkey’s body.

By the time the explosive fire monkey reached the Lava Immortal Palace, it had melted down to just its skeleton made of sky gold.

But this was a success!

Under the control of Ning Zhuo’s heart seal, the storage formation activated and released the ten thousand jin of stored fire essence.

“Here it comes.” Ning Zhuo’s heart was pounding.

BOOOOOOOM!!

A fierce shockwave blasted out in all directions.

At the same time, a terrifying explosion thundered in Ning Zhuo’s ears. The shock wave struck him right in the back; had he not equipped the Iron Will Gray Armor, all his bones might have broken.

Boosted by the shock wave, he arrived at the location in his memory and accurately picked two people up from the ground near the wall.

Naturally, the two people were Ning Yong and Ning Chehn.

Ning Zhuo crouched down in front of the wall, arching his back to protect Ning Chen and Ning Yong from the explosion behind him.

The next moment, flames from the explosion arrived, forcing back the heavy black smoke.

Ning Zhuo endured strenuously as the temperature behind him skyrocketed. His iron armor began to melt, causing him agonizing pain.

Gritting his teeth, he pushed the Iron Will Gray Armor’s defensive power to its limit.

In just a few breaths, another 20% of the Foundation Establishment Pill’s energy was consumed, leaving only 10%.

Fortunately, Zheng Shuanggou suddenly erupted with all his strength, sacrificing a magic artifact to block the red flames and surge of lava that the explosion had caused.

The black shadow demonic cultivator cackled: “Zheng Shuanggou, I’ll be back!”

Before leaving, the shadow threw out another black sphere that exploded into endless black smoke.

Zheng Shuanggou’s divine sense was immediately obscured. He was unable to even see three zhang[^1] in front of him, let alone lock on to his enemy. Moreover, he had to support the underground passages in order to avoid being buried alive. He was so furious that he wanted to cough up blood, but there was nothing he could do except stay where he was.

Once the black smoke finally cleared, all Zheng Shuanggou could see was the sight of ravaged passage walls and layers of lava completely covering the former area of the lava lake.

As for the tip of the immortal palace that had poked out earlier, it could no longer be seen.

Oh, there was also a group of Ning Clan cultivators lying on the ground. Some of them were still alive, though unconscious.

Zheng Shuanggou cursed in a low voice: “Damn it!”

His eyes flickered for a while, but he didn’t recklessly give chase.

The mysterious demonic cultivator had disappeared. Worried that they were trying to lure him away, Zheng Shuanggou decided to simply stay here in case they looped back around.

With a wave of his hand, he scooped up all the Ning Clan cultivators.

Feigning unconsciousness, Ning Zhuo activated the Buddha Heart Demon Seal and successfully deceived Zheng Shuanggou. A while later, he slowly opened his eyes and discovered that he had returned aboveground.

The Ning Clan cultivators who survived the perilous journey numbered only eleven.

“With the black smoke blocking everyone’s senses, no one should have noticed that I’m the one who caused the explosion! This trip went more smoothly than expected.

“But although the explosion happened, did I really succeed?”

Ning Zhuo pondered to himself.

“I’m alive, I’m alive! Uhuhuhu….” Ning Yong came to his senses and sobbed loudly.

Ning Chen also seemed like he’d woken up from a dream. His face was still pale with terror: “The other newcomers are all dead. We’re so lucky to have made it out.”

They didn’t know that the reason they survived was thanks to Ning Zhuo’s protection.

The two walked over to Ning Zhuo, asking in concern: “Are you alright? You’re not hurt?”

After this thrilling escapade, their impression of Ning Zhuo had completely changed. Ning Zhuo’s calm and courage demeanor during the exploration had won Ning Chen and Ning Yong’s heartfelt admiration.

Their worry for him was completely sincere.

Ning Zhuo seemed dazed for a moment, but when he snapped to his senses, he immediately showed exhaustion and the lingering fear of a man who had barely escaped disaster.

Seeing this expression, Ning Chen and Ning Yong didn’t think lesser of him at all; in fact, they felt a sense of closeness. After facing the terror of death just now, they too felt the same way.

It could be said that they were now bosom friends who had fought side by side and faced life and death together.

Ning Zhuo took a few deep breaths and smiled bitterly: “All three of us survived, I can’t believe it… Thank the heavens… But, I don’t want to enter the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern ever again.”

Ning Chen and Ning Yong hurriedly comforted him.

The other Ning Clan cultivators also woke up. Some were busy healing their wounds, while others were thanking Zheng Shuaggou.

Zheng Shuanggou glanced at the numerous city guards jumping down to enter the cavern, then snorted coldly: “You Nings were used by that demonic cultivator! He concealed himself with your aura and caught me off guard. After that, he lured over a horde of monster beasts to confuse me.

“Once you get back, prepare for an apology!”

The Ning Clan cultivators were stunned and immediately said: “The enemy was a Golden Core demonic cultivator. With our strength, how could we stop him from taking advantage of us? Moreover, it is our Ning Clan that suffered the greatest losses!”

Zheng Shuanggou waved his hands impatiently: “You can take your excuses back to your patriarch and the City Lord.”

The good mood of these survivors immediately vanished.

Before leaving, the Ning Clan cultivators once again expressed their thanks: “Fortunately, Sir Zheng Shuanggou repelled that demonic cultivator and didn’t let him succeed.”

No matter what, it was a fact that Zheng Shuanggou had saved their lives.

Just when the two sides were about to separate, the ground suddenly shook!

Countless beams of treasure light erupted from the holes in the rocky field, penetrating the white smoke above and shooting into the depths of the night sky.

Formation lines appeared beneath everyone’s feet as the volcano-sealing grand formation activated at full power.

The city guards immediately shouted and sounded the alarm.

“What’s going on?!” The Ning Clan cultivators swayed unsteadily, and many people cried out.

Zheng Shuanggou’s expression turned extremely ugly as the final bit of hope in his heart shattered: “Shit! The battle just now really did affect the Lava Immortal Palace!”

Dazzling treasure light glimmered in the night sky.

The volcano shook, awakening all of Fire Persimmon Immortal City!

Suddenly, a huge cloud palm that covered the sky descended from above, trying to push all the treasure light back into the volcano.

The crimson treasure light paused against the cloud palm for a moment, but then drilled straight into the deep night like a sharp sword piercing through the hand of God!

Countless cracks appeared in the rocky field as scorching earth energy surged outward. Blazing flames spewed everywhere, dancing like wrathful dragons.

All the cultivators fled in a panic.

Zheng Shuanggou, righteous to the end, swept up the Ning Clan cultivators in his sleeves and brought them to the clouds.

Looking down from above, the tip of a tower could be seen shooting upward with unstoppable momentum, like a spear piercing toward the heavens. Soon, the whole tower broke past all obstacles and appeared boldly before the world, standing like a pillar connecting heaven and earth.

Immediately afterward, the red rocks in the crater shattered as palace roofs broke through them and rose up into the sky.

The mountain roared, and the whole world trembled!

The Ning Clan survivors swallowed their saliva and watched on in amazement.

The rocky field continued breaking apart, and fierce flames erupted from countless cracks. Orange-gold lava splattered everywhere, bringing with it terrifying heat.

"The Lava Immortal Palace?"

"The immortal palace has emerged!"

Many people found themselves speechless.

That which had been hidden deep underground now revealed its true grandeur, shocking the world.

Notes:

[^1]: zhang - 丈 – Ancient Chinese unit of measurement equivalent to 3.3 meters, or around ten feet.

