Chapter 15: Technique Transmission Bell

The Lava Immortal Palace rose into the sky, its magnificent golden pillars and crimson bricks shaking people’s hearts as they gazed upon it.

Bathing in dazzling firelight, the immortal palace seemed like the residence of an almighty god.

All of Fire Persimmon Mountain trembled and quaked, letting loose a horrific roar. Soil went flying as the volcano erupted, spouting lava several zhang high.

Cultivators fled in all directions, as insignificant as ants before the immense power of heaven and earth.

Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s reigning City Lord appeared with a solemn expression on his face. Activating the volcano-sealing formation, he poured in his Nascent Soul-level magical power without reserve.

Countless rays of green light converged in the sky, turning into a formation net and covering the pillar of lava that was about to burst out from the volcano.

The two sides collided fiercely.

The earth quaked!

The whole of Fire Persimmon Immortal City had awakened by now. Countless people ran out of their houses, looking at the collapsing buildings all around them in horror.

Black smoke spewed out from the volcanic eruption, roiling like a demonic disaster intent on swallowing up the whole world.

The black smoke surged unceasingly, but the green light didn’t dissipate. The volcano-sealing formation stood strong, preventing a tragedy from occurring.

Soon, the shaking of the earth weakened, and eventually disappeared completely.

The Lava Immortal Palace stood atop the crater like a giant. Above it was a huge cloud of roiling black smoke, and beneath it was churning lava.

The immortal palace was built with golden pillars and crimson bricks. With its high towers, grandiose main hall, and numerous exquisite side halls, it seemed a perfect embodiment of the fierceness of fire, the firmness of gold, and the solidity of earth.

Countless gazes – suspicious, curious, greedy, and more – all fell on the Lava Immortal Palace.

But in the next moment, the City Lord descended from the sky with a pale complexion. With a wave of his long sleeves, he activated a formation. The magnificent Lava Immortal Palace was covered up, no longer to be seen.

The cultivators within the crater had suffered heavy casualties. Of those who had been plumbing the depths of the volcano, not one had lived.

Riding a cloud, Zheng Shuanggou brought the survivors of the Ning Clan and flew over to the City Lord.

He quickly reported the situation via divine sense.

When the City Lord finished listening, his face was ashen and his eyes were chillingly cold: “Investigate! I want an exhaustive investigation. That black shadow demonic cultivator must pay with his life!”

Noticing the Ning Clan survivors behind Zheng Shuanggou, he continued: “These people must be investigated as well. All survivors must be detained and interrogated thoroughly!

“Do everything in your power to track down that black shadow demonic cultivator.

“Anyone found to be an accomplice will be severely punished!”

The City Lord was the only Nascent Soul cultivator in Fire Persimmon Immortal City. Right now, he was in an absolutely awful mood.

He had discovered the Lava Immortal Palace some time after taking office. However, he didn’t report it, and instead deliberately concealed the news. He intended to hide the Lava Immortal Palace and swallow it up himself, exploring it in secret and finally making it his own.

But things didn’t go as planned.

The Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan soon discovered the palace as well. The City Lord had no choice but to compromise and sign a secret contract with the two clans. Now, this year, the Ning Clan had also discovered it.

The Ning Clan was also a Golden Core-level cultivation clan, and the City Lord had long braced himself to welcome them to the secret alliance.

Thus, Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s four strongest forces joined together to explore the Lava Immortal Palace and exclude any outsiders. This situation was something that the City Lord had worked very hard to arrange.

But now, his careful arrangement had fallen apart!

“Black shadow demonic cultivator, that damn black shadow demonic cultivator!!” Thinking of this culprit, the hatred in the City Lord’s heart surged violently.

“What do I do?”

The City Lord suppressed his anger and tried to think of a solution.

He was a mere city lord under the Southern Bean Kingdom. He couldn’t cover up the sky.

“Dammit! Once this news reaches to the capital, it’ll be out of my hands!”

There were many high-level officials in the Southern Bean Kingdom. Compared with the power of an entire kingdom, his Nascent Soul stage cultivation was nothing.

“Sigh… I have to keep hiding it as long as possible. Fortunately, the Lava Immortal Palace didn’t truly emerge and still remains atop the crater. I just need to repair the formation, set up some clouds to conceal it, and issue a gag order. Then…”

Dong! Dong! Dong!

The sound of a tolling bell suddenly burst forth from the depths of the volcano.

The tolls of the bell echoed loud and long, reverberating throughout the world.

At the same time, those who heard the bell sensed a new cultivation technique appearing in their minds.

The City Lord was shocked. His face turned extremely ugly as he blurted: “The Technique Transmission Bell?!”

Currently, it was late in the night. Fire Persimmon Immortal City was still in chaos, with countless buildings having collapsed during the earthquake. Fierce discussions filled the streets, and most people were looking at the top of the volcano.

The confrontation between the City Lord and the immortal palace just now had made it clear to everyone that something big had happened on Fire Persimmon Volcano!

Just then, a deep and vast bell tolled!

Dong, dong, dong…

The sound of the bell was so loud that even the clouds shook. It made the outer wall of the city tremble, and echoed throughout countless streets and alleyways.

It covered the lavish mansions and spread to the ordinary houses. It carried on the wind and filled the entire immortal city.

It drilled precisely into the hearts and minds of every sentient being, shaking their very souls!

Countless people cried out in surprise, but a moment later, their attention was all placed on the cultivation technique taking shape in their minds.

In the City Lord Mansion.

A burly young man lying on the ground was awakened by the sound of the bell and suddenly opened his eyes.

“Who?!” Letting out a shout, he jumped to his feet with a gust of wind.

“Is there an enemy?!” The burly young man was instantly alert.

At that moment, the Fire Persimmon City Lord sent a voice transmission: “Meng Chong[^1], my grandson, hurry and meditate! This is the sound of the Technique Transmission Bell! It’s the key for this battle over the Lava Immortal palace!”

“Technique Transmission Bell?” The burly young man, Meng Chong, immediately stilled upon hearing this reminder. His eyes were dull, but his posture was as straight as a spear as he gazed forward and tried to comprehend the technique that had appeared in his mind.

In the Zhou Clan.

Two young cultivators named Zhou Zeshen[^2] and Zhou Zhu[^3] were studying a mechanical blueprint together.

One was short and one was tall; one was frail and the other sturdy.

Suddenly, their expressions and movements froze.

A few breaths after the bell started ringing, Zhoug Zeshen quickly said in shock: “The sound of this bell seems to contain a cultivation technique! Quick, hurry and comprehend it.”

Zhou Zhu was taciturn and usually listened obediently to Zhou Zeshen. He immediately sat down cross-legged with his eyes closed.

In the Zheng Clan.

Zheng Jian[^4] was checking through the clan’s accounting records.

There was a band around the young man’s forehead, and an eye-shaped gem was inlaid in the center of the band.

A pale and sweaty steward stood in front of him.

Zheng Jian suddenly snorted coldly and threw the account book in his hands onto the ground, saying in a low voice: “Did you really think you could hide these falsified accounts from me?”

The steward shuddered and immediately knelt on the ground.

At that moment, the sound of the bell arrived.

After listening for a few moments, Zheng Jian’s expression changed drastically and he shooed the steward away: “I won’t bother with you for now, scram!”

In the Ning Clan.

Ning Xiaohui[^5], a publicly recognized genius of the Ning Clan, had spent her day crafting talismans and was utterly exhausted. Even when the sound of the bell arrived, her brows merely wrinkled a little; she didn’t awaken from her deep sleep.

Ning Ji was cultivating when the bell shook him out of his meditative state. His expression was full of doubt: “What the heck is this?”

In the crater.

Zheng Shuanggou was still piloting the cloud. On its fluffy surface, the Ning Clan cultivators were scattered haphazardly.

It wasn’t just them; most of the other cultivators were also lying around or sitting in place.

“Opportunity, this is an opportunity!” The cultivators were ecstatic and did their best to comprehend.

Ning Chen sat down with his eyes closed, brows furrowed with effort.

Ning Yong held his head tightly: “Ahhh, memorize it for me, head, I’m counting on you to memorize it!”

Ning Zhuo was surprised and delighted internally: “I succeeded! The selection standard of the Lava Immortal Palace has dropped.

“But the selection method has changed. Now, it’s directly transmitting the technique of the Qi Refining stage.”

This was something Ning Zhuo hadn’t expected.

Like the other cultivators, Ning Zhuo stood stock still and listened carefully to the sound of the bell.

Gradually, a cultivation technique outlined itself in his mind – “Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation”!

“With this technique, I can finally get rid of the Ning Clan’s ‘Snowy Region Talisman Illustration Scripture’.”

He had plotted for so many years, taking on no small degree of risk. Now, everything had paid off with results beyond his imagination, filling his heart with relief, excitement, accomplishment, and other various emotions.

Indeed --

Mechanical fire monkey leaps into molten lava; Iron Will Gray Armor breaks the dawning frost.

Buddha and demon conceal machinations; immortal palace quakes with heavenly light.

Dao bell tolls, transmitting new knowledge; Five Elements Qi Regulation reflects natural law.

Cultivate to the extreme and return to origin; break seals and shackles to walk freely!

Notes:

[^1]: Meng Chong – 蒙衝 – Meng is a surname. Chong means “to rush straight ahead”.

[^2]: Zhou Zeshen – 周澤深 – Zeshen means “deep pool”.

[^3]: Zhou Zhu – 周柱 – Zhu means “pillar”.

[^4]: Zheng Jian – 鄭箭 – Jian means “arrow”.

[^5]: Ning Xiaohui – 寧小慧 – Hui means “intelligence”. Xiao means “little”, but it’s also a kind of cutesy prefix.

