Chapter 16: Dungeon Interrogation

Above Fire Persimmon Immortal Mountain, high up in the clouds.

Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s City Lord sat cross-legged in the air, looking at his Golden Core stage subordinate Chi Dun[^1].

Chi Dun was a middle-aged man, blind in one eye and short in stature. However, his body was stout and muscular, making him like a walking pillar of stone.

“Chi Dun, I order you to do everything in your power to track down that black shadow demonic cultivator.” Sitting on a meditation mat, the City Lord was surrounded by white mist and black clouds. The mist and clouds churned endlessly, just as his heart boiled with rage and gloom.

Chi Dun had an embarrassed look on his face: “Sir, I will definitely do whatever it takes. But as you know, the cultivation technique I specialize in is the ‘Stone Heart Unhurried Soldier Technique’, so I’m worried my skills will be insufficient for this heavy responsibility.”

“Not a problem.” The City Lord waved his hand slightly, and a magic treasure flew out from his sleeve.

This magic treasure was a bright yellow bell, small and exquisite. It immediately flew toward Chi Dun, who reached out and accepted it with both hands.

The City Lord said: “This alarm bell will help you track down the demonic cultivator. Don’t let me down!”

Chi Dun took his leave, bringing the alarm bell and heading over to the prison.

“Let’s start with the easy part first. These Ning Clan cultivators were all at the scene, so I should interrogate them first. It’ll be much harder to deal with them once the Ning Clan intervenes and takes them away.

“That black shadow demonic cultivator used them to shift Zheng Shuanggou’s attention. Maybe one of them was acting under the demonic cultivator’s orders?”

Although this thought flashed through his mind, Chi Dun knew that the chances of it being the case were almost zero.

However, he might as well take the opportunity to familiarize himself with the usage of the alarm bell as soon as possible.

Originally, Ning Zhuo and the others had been rescued by Zheng Shuanggou, not imprisoned. But then, the immortal palace emerged and the sound of the Technique Transmission Bell echoed throughout the city, causing a big stir.

Thus, the City Lord personally ordered for all surviving cultivators, including them, to be detained.

On the one hand, he intended to interrogate them for clues. On the other, he wanted to make sure that they would stay quiet about the emergence of the immortal palace.

At this point, the City Lord was going all out to salvage the situation and cover up the secret of the immortal palace.

Chi Dun first picked out the Foundation Establishment cultivators to interrogate. Soon, it was the turn of those in the Qi Refining stage.

Before long, Ning Zhuo was led into a solitary room and met Chi Dun face-to-face.

Chi Dun flipped through the notebook in his hand without looking up. His divine sense had already enveloped Ning Zhuo’s whole body as he said: “You aren’t part of the Monster Hunting Association. Why did you suddenly head to the volcanic cavern?”

Ning Zhuo gulped, regarding Chi Dun with fear in his eyes before lowering his head and staring at the ground.

Stammering, he talked about his encounter with Ning Chen and Ning Yong, the way he had been provoked by their words, and the events that followed.

Chi Dun frowned as he listened.

He had absolutely no interest in this young cultivator called Ning Zhuo.

“He’s only at the third level of Qi Refining, and something like this happened on his first trip into to the volcanic cavern. His luck is really bad.

“Or should I say it’s good? At least he survived. Many cultivators who were even stronger than him lost their lives.”

Had Ning Zhuo been the only survivor, he would be quite conspicuous.

But including Ning Chen and Ning Yong, there were a total of three newbies in Qi Refining who had survived.

“The black shadow demonic cultivator first used monster beast corpses to lure the Ning Clan’s people over, then provoked a beast tide. It was all to cover up his own aura.

“The Ning Clan cultivators were just used as cannon fodder. There most likely isn’t a spy among them.

“If I were that demonic cultivator, even if I wanted a spy, I wouldn’t use this kid at the third level of Qi Refining.”

Of course, Chi Dun wouldn’t dismiss his suspicion with just this much.

He had been using the alarm bell this whole time, and the heart-questioning formation in the interrogation room was also active.

The alarm bell was extremely sensitive to malice. If one of these Ning Clan cultivators held any ill will toward Chi Dun, the alarm bell would immediately ring.

As for the heart-questioning formation, it could detect whether or not a person was telling the truth.

As long as someone spoke dishonest words, the heart-questioning formation would shine with red and yellow light.

Throughout the whole process of Ning Zhuo’s interrogation, the alarm bell and heart-questioning formation were both completely silent.

Chi Dun hadn’t held much suspicion toward a small figure like Ning Zhuo in the first place. Now, with the confirmation of the alarm bell and the heart-questioning formation, he no longer had a shred of doubt.

“You can go.” Chi Dun said. But suddenly, he let out a noise of surprise.

Ning Zhuo’s nostrils were bleeding.

Ning Zhuo also seemed surprised. He wiped his nose with the back of his hand and saw the blood.

Waving his hand quickly, he said: “Sir, it’s nothing. It might be a lingering injury from the volcanic cavern. I’m fine, I’m really fine!”

Chi Dun grunted. Not speaking anymore, he made a shooing motion with his hand.

Ning Zhuo bowed and quickly left, closing the door softly behind him.

Chi Dun was about to call the next person in for interrogation when he suddenly paused. His divine sense spread out and transmitted a message to the guard outside the door: “Go over and tell the others to treat the Ning Clan cultivators better. Have they been slacking off? How are there still lingering injuries? Heal them!”

The Ning Clan was one of the three major cultivation clans in Fire Persimmon Immortal City. Chi Dun didn’t want to offend them.

Of course, if a Ning Clan cultivator was proven to have colluded with the black shadow demonic cultivator, that would be a different story.

Ning Zhuo was immediately whisked away for another round of treatment.

Of course, his nosebleed was the result of him secretly activating the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

When used on others, the heart seal produced by this magic treasure could influence their thoughts. When used on oneself, it could suppress and clear all kinds of thoughts and emotions.

It was a demon to others and a Buddha to the self.

Ning Zhuo was led back to the prison cell. Before entering, he heard people arguing inside.

The Ning Clan cultivators were having a heated discussion over the contents of the technique transmitted by the bell.

When Ning Zhuo walked into the cell, many Ning Clan cultivators turned to look at him. Seeing that he was fine, some of them nodded slightly in acknowledgment before turning back to continue the argument.

During this trip to the volcanic cavern, they had all faced life and death together, so their relationship was now much closer than before.

Ning Chen and Ning Yong even jumped to their feet and walked over to Ning Zhuo, concernedly asking him questions.

In the first place, they were once classmates and had at least a basic level of relationship.

This time, after they acted on Ning Zhanji’s orders, Ning Zhuo had almost died. They couldn’t help but feel guilty.

And it wasn’t just guilt.

During this trip to the volcanic cavern, Ning Zhuo had overcome his fear in the face of danger and erupted with courage, inspiring Ning Yong and Ning Chen to muster up their own bravery at the critical moment of life and death.

Because of this, Ning Yong and Ning Chen felt both appreciation and admiration. These various emotions led to a qualitative change in their relationship with Ning Zhuo.

“How was it? Are you alright?”

“We’re cultivators of the Ning Clan, and our old ancestor is also in the Golden Core stage. If someone dares to use a soul-searching technique on us, the clan will definitely seek justice!”

Ning Chen and Ning Yong spoke one after another.

Ning Zhuo nodded: “I was a little nervous at first, but nobody caused any trouble for me. All I had to do was honestly tell the truth.”

Somehow, it ended up with him comforting Ning Chen and Ning Yong.

“Good.” Ning Yong and Ning Chen responded.

The next moment, the guard called them over and brought both of them away.

Ning Zhuo walked deeper into the cell and found his seat in the corner.

He had a chair for himself and a little table in front of him. There were fruits, nuts, and hot tea on the table.

The rest of the Ning Clan cultivators had the same treatment.

Of course, this wasn’t normal. They only received such treatment because they were members of the Ning Clan.

Ning Zhuo’s spot was in the corner of the prison cell. Not far away, there was a pile of smelly, rotting straw. There were also dried bloodstains on the brick wall, and handprints all over the bars. Standing there, it was almost as if you could still hear the past prisoners wailing and begging for mercy.

Ning Zhuo knew that if the truth was revealed, his end would be even more miserable. The first to go after him might not even be the City Lord’s side, but the Ning Clan! At that time, the smiling Ning Clan cultivators around him would instead be full of fury as they chased him with all their might.

But Ning Zhuo had no regrets.

He had decided to bomb the immortal palace long ago. What did he care of the risk to his life?

He slowly sat down and reached out to grab a roasted chestnut. The chestnut shell cracked open between his fingers with a crisp crunch.

Then, he put the nut into his mouth and chewed.

The current Lava Immortal Palace was just like this chestnut. Ning Zhuo had smashed its shell and lowered the selection standard.

But when it came to eating the nut inside, he still needed to be careful and cautious.

This matter was too important. Ning Zhuo was a mere third-level Qi Refining cultivator, and his current path was like walking on thin ice. If he was the slightest bit careless, if he revealed the slightest opening, he would be swallowed up by the icy lake and drown in its depths.

Back then, Ning Zhuo’s mother had fallen in much the same way.

Ning Zhuo chewed the chestnut quietly, savoring the delicious flavor on his tongue as if savoring the thrill of his own dangerous situation.

Who would believe that this ordinary-looking youth was the true culprit behind the bombing of the immortal palace?

Notes:

[^1]: Chi Dun – 遲惇 – Chi means slow, Dun means honest.

