Chapter 17: Saving the Self

The Ning Clan cultivators in the prison cell were immersed in discussion.

The “Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation” transmitted by the bell only contained the first three levels. But even within just these first three levels, everyone seemed to have comprehended different things.

For example, there was a section about condensing metal qi. To one person, it sounded like this: “Metal qi enters the palms, seeps into the meridians, flows into the lungs, and nourishes the organs. A suitable cultivator will have a broad mentality and unhurried breath. Metal qi is dry in nature, and improper usage will harm the lungs.”

Another person heard this: “Metal qi enters the palm… A suitable cultivator will have a wild mentality and hasty breath. Metal qi is sharp and strong. The master must kill decisively, always moving forward.”

The first interpretation required a cultivator to cultivate slowly and steadily, whereas the second encouraged them to forge ahead with bravery.

Although everyone had listened to the same bell sound, what they got out of it was different. And so, they argued ceaselessly with each other.

“It seems that you don’t understand the Technique Transmission Bell.” Soon, Chi Dun appeared with Ning Chen and Ning Yong in tow.

At this point, he had interrogated every Ning Clan cultivator.

All the Ning Clan cultivators looked over. One of them bowed and said, “Please enlighten us, Sir Chi Dun.”

Ning Zhuo smiled at Ning Chen and Ning Yong. However, the two didn’t dare to look him in the eye. During the interrogation just now, they had admitted to everything, including the way they had acted under Ning Zhanji’s orders to trick Ning Zhuo into entering the cavern.

Chi Dun explained, “The Technique Transmission Bell is as the name suggests – a bell for transmitting techniques.

“Because its techniques are transmitted via sound, those who speak different languages and even creatures of different species can all understand them.

“Three Schools Supreme Sage bears mercy toward all living things. Thus, the Technique Transmission Bell he left behind can help not only humans, but all other beings as well.

“There are good and bad Technique Transmission Bells. For ordinary bells, the techniques transmitted through the sound are all the same. But for an outstanding bell, the transmitted techniques will vary from person to person.”

Most of the cultivators were shocked, but a few had thoughtful looks on their faces.

Chi Dun continued, “The techniques that each of you obtained are all correct. That’s because they have been adjusted to suit you based on your own personal characteristics.”

“So that’s how it is!” The cultivators all showed pleasant surprise as understanding dawned on them.

“A cultivation technique is just a method of absorbing external energy for our own use. All cultivation techniques can be constantly modified.”

“Yeah. Ancient cultivation techniques find it hard to compete with modern ones because the external environment is always changing.”

“Three Schools Supreme Sage really is compassionate, looking after every one of us.”

Chi Dun said, “This is in line with Buddhist teachings. Buddhism is best at conversion – refining external magical power and turning it into corresponding Buddhist power. As the saying goes, ‘Put down your butcher knife and become a Buddha on the spot’ – even for demonic cultivators, the magical power they have accumulated for many years can easily turn into Buddhist magical power.

“However, you shouldn’t overestimate the effects of the bell. It has its limit. Since it’s taken into account all beings in the city, the individual adjustments are definitely limited.

“Thus, the cultivation technique you received from the bell is by no means perfect. As you practice, you can continuously try to improve it.”

The Ning Clan cultivators looked at each other.

One of them smiled bitterly and said, “Improving cultivation techniques is too difficult! Sir Chi Dun, you really overestimate us.”

Another added, “Those who can modify cultivation techniques either have a deep understanding of the technique or are extraordinarily talented. We’re not capable of doing it.”

Of course, Chi Dun already knew this. He had only reminded them as a show of goodwill.

“Alright, all of you are cleared of suspicion. Follow me, and stop taking up space in the dungeon.”

Him personally releasing the Ning Clan cultivators was an intentional gesture to show his stance to the Ning Clan. He wanted to tell them that his interrogation of the Ning Clan’s people was merely carrying out orders and not of his own will.

The Ning Clan cultivators thanked Chi Dun and followed him out of the cell.

As they walked out of the dungeon and saw the rising sun, the alarm bell on Chi Dun’s body suddenly burst into a clamor.

Chi Dun’s expression changed. His aura surged as he flew out following the guidance of the alarm bell.

The wind generated by his takeoff was so strong that the surrounding Ning Clan cultivators were directly blown away.

Boom!

There was a loud sound, and the ground trembled, kicking up a cloud of dust. A dark figure shot out from the dust cloud.

The Ning Clan cultivators all exclaimed, “It’s the black shadow demonic cultivator!”

“Bold little villain, you dare spy on the dungeon?!” Chi Dun was absolutely furious and chased after the black shadow demonic cultivator.

The black shadow demonic cultivator laughed mockingly in a hoarse voice, retreating while fighting.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The two people continuously leaped between large houses and mansions. Wherever they passed, all the buildings collapsed.

The citizens in the area fled in a panic.

“We should go too!” The Ning Clan cultivators also ran away.

Ning Chen and Ning Yong wanted to drag Ning Zhuo along, but Ning Zhuo suddenly said, “Why run? Let’s head back to the dungeon, it’s safer there!”

The two were stunned.

Grabbing their hands, Ning Zhuo said, “Just trust me.”

The trio returned to the dungeon. When they re-entered the prison cell, their seats and fruits had yet to be cleared away.

After sitting down, Ning Zhuo explained, “Although there is a defensive grand formation in the immortal city that limits the combat power of all cultivators, those in the Golden Core stage are still invincible existences to the likes of us.

“What if they pass by us while fighting? It’ll be just like that time in the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern!

“Sir Chi Dun is very strong. He’s a body cultivator, which is the type of cultivator that’s least suppressed by Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s grand formation. It’s very likely that he will win.

“The safest thing is for us to stay here and wait until he kills the black shadow demonic cultivator before leaving.”

Ning Chen and Ning Yong thought it through and realized that Ning Zhuo’s words made sense.

Boom, boom, boom…

The two Golden Core cultivators continued their battle. Each collision made the entire dungeon tremble, causing dust to continuously fall from the ceiling.

Ning Chen and Ning Yong fidgeted restlessly.

However, Ning Zhuo was calm and leisurely, eating fruit and drinking tea as if he was completely unaware of the battle outside.

Seeing their classmate’s relaxed behavior, Ning Chen and Ning Yong stared at him in admiration.

Ning Zhuo explained, “Well, I’ve given up. If the two Golden Core cultivators come over here, we’ll definitely die, so I might as well eat some more while I can. I don’t want to die hungry, after all.”

Ning Chen was speechless.

Ning Yong slapped his forehead and gave Ning Zhuo a thumbs up. “Ah Zhuo, you’re right. Good thinking!”

He stuffed a handful of grapes into his mouth, then called out to Ning Chen, “You too, hurry and eat.”

Ning Chen rolled his eyes. Right now, his mood was very heavy, so he shook his head and said, “You guys can eat. I’m not hungry.”

The battle between the two Golden Core cultivators didn’t last long. The trio in the dungeon found that the shaking was getting weaker and weaker and the sounds of the battle were moving farther and farther away.

Eventually, the sounds of battle ceased, and a prison guard came over to fetch the three Ning Clan youths, bringing them back out of the dungeon.

Chi Dun and the black shadow demonic cultivator were completely gone. Apparently, they had left the city during the battle.

Large swathes of buildings had been reduced to rubble. Corpses could be seen everywhere among the ruins, and the cries of the survivors made the morning wind seem especially cold.

The three youths of the Ning Clan looked around with heavy hearts.

“It’s strange. I used to think the immortal city was very safe!” Ning Yong said.

Nign Chen sighed, “This is already a decent result. Thanks to the suppression of the grand formation, Golden Core cultivators can’t exert their full combat power. Without it, a single Golden Core-level spell could wipe out half the city.”

Ning Zhuo urged, “There’s nothing we can do about this. Let’s go back. All I want to do now is flop down on my bed and fall asleep.”

As soon as he spoke, Ning Yong and Ning Chen felt their own fatigue flare up.

After walking together for a while, Ning Zhuo bade the two farewell. Last night had truly been a harrowing process, and Ning Zhuo was utterly exhausted. He fell asleep the moment he touched his bed.

By the time he woke up, it was already evening.

After a simple meal, he entered his underground workshop again. He sat down cross-legged on a meditation mat and officially began his cultivation of the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

He had previously cultivated the Snowy Region Talisman Illustration Scripture, one of the Ning Clan’s three great techniques. Under normal circumstances, he would need to get rid of all of his illustration magical power before he could start cultivating another technique.

But this common sense didn’t apply to Ning Zhuo.

Buddha Heart Demon Seal!

A demon to others, but a Buddha to the self.

Saving the self wasn’t just about suppressing thoughts and concealing intentions. It was also related to the conversion of magical power.

In an instant, the illustration magical power in Ning Zhuo’s body began transforming rapidly into five elements magical power!

