Chapter 18: Fei Si[^1] Offers a Plan

Two Golden Core cultivators flew to the top of Fire Persimmon Mountain.

Chi Dun was covered in dust and had some minor injuries. Riding on a gray cloud, he snorted, “Fei Si! If you hadn’t stopped me from chasing that demonic cultivator, I would’ve caught him by now!”

The one he was arguing with was a bright-eyed, goateed old man wearing a yellow robe. His name was Fei Si.

Fei Si snorted, “Reckless fool. You think I stopped you from chasing the demonic cultivator? No, I stopped you from destroying Fire Persimmon Forest!”

The two continued their argument all the way to the City Lord.

Soon, the heavy clouds parted like a curtain, revealing the true visage of the City Lord. The man’s expression was calm; obviously, he was accustomed to his subordinates’ arguing.

Fei Si and Chi Dun, one a scholar and the other a warrior, were the City Lord’s right and left hands. However, they had always been at odds with each other.

After Chi Dun paid his respects, he immediately started complaining. He accused Fei Si of failing to cooperate, instead preventing him from continuing his pursuit. This obstruction had allowed the black shadow demonic cultivator to slip into Fire Persimmon Forest and left them with no choice but to seal the forest.

Fei Si immediately offered a rebuttal: “Reckless fool! Fire Persimmon Forest is incredibly valuable and has been nurtured since the city’s founding. It took dozens of generations and hundreds of years of hard work for it to reach its current scale.

“Fire persimmons are highly explosive. Fighting in Fire Persimmon Forest would definitely set off a chain of explosions. At that point, our Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s greatest industry would be completely wiped out!

“More than half of the immortal city’s annual income comes from Fire Persimmon Forest. It can even be said that the profits from Fire Persimmon Forest sustain the entire city.

“Is your own task all you can think about? If Fire Persimmon Forest is destroyed, what will Sir City Lord say to the Southern Bean Royal Court?”

Long, long ago, Three Schools Supreme Sage hid Lava Immortal Palace deep inside Fire Persimmon Mountain, suppressing the volcano’s eruptions and turning the area from a wasteland to a blessed land.

Later on – still hundreds of years before the present – Southern Bean Immortal Dynasty took a fancy to this place and sent a Nascent Soul cultivator to build an immortal city here. A great formation was laid down around the immortal city, absorbing the power of the earth and the fire-element spirit energy here and nurturing Fire Persimmon Forest.

Fire Persimmon Forest was extremely profitable, and the immortal city became known as Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

The annual harvest of fire persimmons also turned into a festival unique to Fire Persimmon Immortal City – the Fire Persimmon Festival.

On the day of the festival, all the cultivators in the city would head over to the forest to pick fire persimmons. At that time, the whole city would be filled with joy and laughter.

Chi Dun’s neck stiffened. After shooting a glare at Fei Si, he opened his mouth to continue speaking.

However, the City Lord interrupted him: “Enough. Are there any results from your interrogation of those survivors?”

Chi Dun bowed and presented a booklet with the recorded confessions.

The City Lord didn’t move as the confession booklet slowly floated in front of him. A gust of wind blew, flipping the pages rapidly from beginning to end.

As a Nascent Soul cultivator with mighty divine sense, the City Lord only needed a few breaths of time to read everything inside the booklet.

There was nothing of note.

Chi Dun asked, “Sir City Lord, that demonic cultivator is now hiding inside Fire Persimmon Forest. What should we do?”

The City Lord’s divine sense moved and returned the confession booklet to Chi Dun’s hands. He calmly said, “What do you think we should do?”

Chi Dun’s brows furrowed. Hesitantly, he said, “Fire Persimmon Forest is extremely important. This subordinate believes that it’s best to report this upward and let the Southern Bean Immortal Court send down an expert to take care of things.

“As long as they throw down a handful of red beans, we’ll have Red Scarf Warriors to lead the charge. This would greatly reduce any casualties.

“Or, we could directly ask for someone from the Divine Investigation Bureau to come and catch the demonic cultivator.

“Cultivators of the Divine Investigation Bureau know the Clear Heart Warning Art and the Source Tracing Magic. Any of them would be better than me at hunting down the culprit.”

No expression could be seen on the City Lord’s face. He glanced at Fei Si.

Fei Si immediately understood his meaning and shouted, “Reckless idiot! If you call the Divine Investigation Bureau over, there’ll be nothing left for us to do!

“We’ve already negotiated in secret with the Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan. If we suddenly report to the higher ups, how will we answer to them?

“That would be crossing the line!

“When Sir City Lord takes charge again in the future, how will the local cultivation clans dare to trust him?

“As the governing power, we must maintain a harmonious relationship with the local cultivation clans.

“We can’t be villains and go back on our words!”

Fei Si’s refutation was full of emotion.

However, there was also something he hadn’t said –

The Lava Immortal Palace had been discovered after the current City Lord took office. According to regulations, the City Lord should have reported it immediately.

But at that time, the Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan brought over a huge sum of money to dissuade him, and the City Lord himself bore ambitions toward the immortal palace’s treasures. Thus, he concealed the news and didn’t report it.

Originally, the three parties had peacefully explored in secret. The Ning Clan’s eventual discovery of the Lava Immortal Palace was also expected, and they had already been prepared to accept this new collaborator.

But now, an accident had occurred – someone had bombed the Lava Immortal Palace!

It was all the fault of that damn black shadow demonic cultivator! The previously harmonious situation had now taken a turn for the worse.

The Lava Immortal Palace almost completely emerged, only barely being suppressed by the City Lord taking personal action. And even so, the selection standard had lowered to the Qi Refining stage, and the sound of the Technique Transmission Bell had echoed far and wide.

Although the City Lord had immediately issued orders to cover things up and captured those at the scene, the news had already leaked. It was no longer possible to hide things from the Southern Bean royal family.

If the City Lord had already obtained the treasures of the Lava Immortal Palace, he wouldn’t care at all.

But as of now, he hadn’t gotten any benefits at all!

Losing the palace to the immortal dynasty was already inevitable. But how could the City Lord be willing to just give up like this? Now, he could only go all in on exploring the immortal palace in order to at least reap some benefits.

Chi Dun knew he couldn’t beat Fei Si in this argument, so he simply spread his hands helplessly and said that the task was too difficult for him.

Fei Si sneered. “How could a reckless fool like you possibly come up with a solution? In the end, it’s up to me!”

The City Lord looked at Fei Si and said lightly, "Fei Si, if you have any ideas, just tell me."

Fei Si had already prepared a strategy. Smiling, he said, “Sir, this subordinate thinks that what we should do now is… do nothing!

“The black shadow demonic cultivator’s target is very obvious – the Lava Immortal Palace!

“Last time, he wanted to enter the immortal palace, but was obstructed by Zheng Shuanggou. This time, he appeared near the dungeon. Why?

“On the surface, it’s because he wanted to destroy the formation pillar beneath the dungeon.”

There were five formation pillars in Fire Immortal Persimmon City’s grand formation, located in the Zhou Clan, the Zheng Clan, the Ning Clan, the dungeon, and the barracks. Destroying these pillars would destabilize the grand formation and endanger the whole city.

“However, that wasn’t his true aim!” Fei Si’s eyes shone with confidence as he laid out his analysis.

“Most likely, he exposed himself on purpose, luring Chi Dun into chasing him and ultimately aiming to trick Sir City Lord over.

“In the end, that demonic cultivator hid in Fire Persimmon Forest. It seemed like it was a panicked decision when he was at the end of his rope, but the reality of the situation is quite different.

“Fire persimmons are highly explosive, and there are many formations in Fire Persimmon Forest. Why would he choose to hide in there?

“Right now, Fire Persimmon Forest’s sealing formations have all been activated, leaving the black shadow demonic cultivator trapped like a bird in a cage or a fish in a jar. However, I am inclined to think that he is merely trying to attract our attention.

“This subordinate would like to present my bold conjecture: That black shadow demonic cultivator is just bait. There are others hiding where we can’t see.

“Once we muster our forces to encircle him, the crater will be left empty and exposed.

“Our enemy’s situation is unclear. We don’t know how many allies they have hiding in the dark.

“We can’t rule out the possibility that the three major clans are accomplices to the demonic cultivator, or even… the true masterminds behind the scenes!”

Chi Dun’s mouth hung open slightly as his eyes went blank.

Notes:

[^1]: Fei Si – 費思 – Fei is a surname. Si means to think.

