Chapter 19.5: Ning Zhuo’s Early Wisdom

It was the third month of the year, and the Ning Clan’s convoy was migrating south.

Spring was in the air.

Fields of rapeseed flowers were in full bloom. Under the gentle spring breeze, the golden flowers were like a layer of golden light atop a sea of green, filling people with a boundless sense of hope.

Rumbling sounds echoed out as the convoy continued forward.

Suddenly, a middle-aged man jumped off his horse and leapt into one of the mechanical carriages, pushing the door open in a hurry.

“Wife, take a look at this!” The middle-aged man held out a pill as if bringing out a treasure.

His wife was pregnant with a bulging belly. Lying on the bed, her eyes were closed in rest.

The carriage window was closed.

The middle-aged man infused his magical power from a distance and lit up the spirit lamp on the carriage ceiling.

Under the light of the lamp, his wife slowly opened her eyes and looked at the pill. She saw that the pill was completely clear, like a round glass bead, and it glowed with a faint yellow light.

The pill gave off a refreshing fragrance that cleared the mind, like the smell of a forest after rain. The man’s wife was surprised and said, “This is the Early Wisdom Pill, a top-grade medicinal pill. Where did you get it?”

The middle-aged man grinned and said, “Remember how I helped the Strong Fists Monk? He’s a Buddhist who believes in karma, so he had to repay my kindness.

“I told him that my wife is pregnant and asked for something to aid in my son’s future cultivation.”

His wife’s joy suddenly turned to worry: “Husband, you could have taken the chance to get your old injury healed instead.

“At the very least, you could have asked for a lotus seed from the Universal Salvation Lotus Platform to improve your cultivation aptitude.”

The middle-aged man shook his head and sighed: “Forget it. Although my old injury hurts when it acts up, it won’t kill me. At most, I’ll be in pain for a few days. Even if it’s healed, my combat power won’t improve all that much.

“And even if I get a lotus seed, my aptitude for cultivation will only advance from middle-grade to upper-middle-grade. I’m old already, and upper-middle-grade immortal aptitude isn’t enough for me to break through my bottleneck.”

Speaking to this point, the middle-aged man squatted down and gently stroked his wife’s belly: “Considering all that, it’s best to give this opportunity to our child! The main material of the Early Wisdom Pill is the wisdom root of the Bodhi Tree.”

His wife sighed faintly and nodded, accepting her husband’s decision.

“Take it now.” The middle-aged man stood up and handed the pill to his wife. “I’ll help you digest it.”

His wife swallowed the pill, and its mild medicinal power seeped into the baby in her womb.

The Early Wisdom Pill’s effect was to strengthen the spirit, transform the psyche, nourish the soul, and clear the mind. It ensured that a person would awaken their wisdom as soon as possible and obtain superior intelligence.

After everything was done, the middle-aged man looked ecstatic: “Wonderful! With the effects of this pill, our child will obtain early wisdom. Maybe he can already remember whatever we’re saying.

“Next, let’s chant a cultivation technique for him. Who knows, he might even start cultivating in the womb!”

His wife laughed: “Silly. Even if he can remember every word we say, he won’t know the meaning.

“Besides, his body isn’t fully grown yet. If he really starts cultivating now, it won’t be a good thing.”

The middle-aged man grinned. “Of course I know that. I was just joking.”

Holding his wife’s hand, he said, “Sigh, it’s only when you have a child that you truly understand a parent’s heart.

“Even now, before our son is even born, I’m always thinking about him and worrying for his future.

“I really hope he has good aptitude for cultivation, the higher the better. He shouldn’t be like me.”

But his wife shook her head. “If he doesn’t have aptitude for cultivation, will that make me not love him?

“No. No matter what, he is our child, our own flesh and blood.

“I hope he has a certain level of cultivation aptitude, but it shouldn’t be too strong.

“How many children with incredible aptitude have died young?

“I just want him to live a peaceful life.”

As they were talking, an alarm suddenly sounded.

“Enemy attack! Enemy attack!”

The couple’s expressions changed.

The middle-aged man told his wife to stay there, then opened the door and headed out.

In an instant, he saw that the world had changed dramatically. Icy wind howled like sharp blades cutting down lives.

“We’re trapped in a formation!” The middle-aged man was furious, but he quickly calmed himself down and infused his magical power into his magic artifact. Behind him, his wife activated the mechanical carriage’s power, causing it to light up with various talisman runes and enhancing its defense.

“Who’s there?!” The Ning Clan ancestor rose to the sky with an imposing aura, shouting angrily.

The assailant was silent, only activating another change in the ice and snow formation.

Fist-sized hailstones poured down from the sky, immediately causing casualties in the Ning Clan convoy.

The Ning Clan ancestor laughed angrily: “Haha, very well! Do you really think that I won’t recognize you just because you’re hiding yourselves?

“Cold Frost Marquis, Icebreaker Hermit Sage[^1], you must have been waiting impatiently. Now that we’re at Southern Bean’s border, you’re finally making your move?”

With their identities exposed, Cold Frost Marquis and Icebreaker Hermit Sage both came out into the open.

The former said: “Old Ning, when you led your clan out of my Northern Wind Kingdom to seek refuge in Southern Bean Kingdom, did you really think this day wouldn’t come?”

The Ning Clan ancestor shouted: “I already made things clear with the kingdom’s ruler and even left behind a magic treasure. We had an agreement! Your Northern Wind Kingdom’s royal family has gone back on your word. After this battle, the whole world will hear of this!”

At that moment, Icebreaker Hermit Sage smiled wickedly and said, “That’s why I’m here. Old Ning, don’t worry. After this battle, even if there are some rumors, they will only say that I, the Icebreaker Hermit Sage, came to seek revenge.”

A fierce battle broke out.

The Ning Clan ancestor was outnumbered in the first place, and he also had to watch out for his clan members. Thus, he quickly fell into a disadvantage.

Sensing an ominous premonition, the Ning Clan ancestor unhesitatingly sacrificed a magic artifact and blasted a temporary opening in the formation.

"Go!"

In this critical situation, the Ning Clan patriarch personally took the lead and tried to bring his clansmen to escape through the opening.

Snowflakes swirled, and packs of snow wolves appeared to attack. The opening was shrinking rapidly, but most Ning Clan members were still inside the formation.

“Don’t push, don’t push!” Panicked shouts echoed out as the snow wolves began massacring the crowd.

Amid the chaos, the Ning Clan’s junior patriarch and two other clansmen squeezed into the middle-aged couple’s mechanical carriage.

“Elder Brother Ning Zhong!” The junior patriarch, Ning Xiaoren, saluted the middle-aged man with a face full of panic. “The opening is about to close. Let me use your carriage.”

Right now, there were too many people in the mechanical carriage, and it had also been damaged by the ice and snow. Thus, its power dropped sharply, causing it to gradually fall behind.

If things went on like this, it would be unable to squeeze through the opening, and everyone would be trapped in the formation once again.

The two followers of the junior patriarch looked at the middle-aged man, Ning Zhong: “Brother Ning Zhong, you are also in the Foundation Establishment stage. Please get off the carriage with us to hold back the enemy!”

The middle-aged man’s wife exclaimed: “Big Brother Zhong[^2], don’t go!”

Ning Zhong frowned. His wealth of experience meant that he had a clear understanding of the current situation. “If I don’t go down to block the enemy, none of us will be able to leave!”

Ning Zhong suddenly turned his head and looked sharply at the junior patriarch.

The junior patriarch shuddered and raised his hand to vow: “Elder Brother Ning Zhong, don’t worry. I, Ning Xiaoren, solemnly swear that as long as I escape alive, I will definitely protect my sister-in-law and her beloved son. I will also do my best to help your son embark on the path of cultivation!”

Then, Ning Zhong turned to give his wife one last affectionate glance.

His wife’s eyes were red, and tears flowed down her face.

“Take good care of our son!”

Gritting his teeth, Ning Zhong turned around and jumped off the carriage along with the junior patriarch’s two followers.

The howls of the snow wolves lingered as the mechanical carriage creaked through opening.

Notes:

[^1]: Icebreaker Hermit Sage – 絕冰散人 – 散人 is an honorific that means, literally, something like “leisurely person”. In a Daoist sense, it’s a term of praise, since there’s the whole concept of wu wei, or “inaction”, being ideal. You might notice that the character 人 is the same from the name of Three Schools Supreme Sage. It doesn’t actually mean “sage” (it means person or human), but the people with these titles ending in 人 usually have sagelike prestige.

[^2]: Yes, that is what it says in the raw. They aren’t actual siblings or anything, though, that’s just what she calls him. Incidentally, although Ning Xiaoren calls Ning Zhong “Elder Brother”, they also aren’t directly related. You might also see some completely unrelated characters calling each other “brother”. It’s a cultural thing.

