Chapter 19: The Explosive Fire Monkey and Ning Zhuo

Fei Si looked at Chi Dun with disdain: “Reckless fool, the enemy was leading you around by the nose and you didn’t even notice it.”

Bowing again, he turned back toward the City Lord: “It’s all thanks to you, Sir, for your keen insight and decisiveness. You continued guarding the volcano even amid the chaotic situation, leaving the enemy unable to take advantage of your absence.

“As long as you’re here, who can possibly sneak into the Lava Immortal Palace?

“This is the wondrous method of responding to change with constancy. The enemy in the dark can only sigh in frustration, with no chance to take action!”

Chi Dun was upset after being scolded repeatedly, and immediately burst out in anger: “After talking for so long, you still haven’t gotten to the main point. What are we supposed to do about the demonic cultivator hiding in Fire Persimmon Forest? What if he triggers a chain of explosions in the forest? Wouldn’t Fire Persimmon City’s hundreds of years of accumulation come to nothing?”

Fei Si shook his head and sighed. "Now that things have come to this, we can only prepare for the worst.

“But I don’t think the demonic cultivator will take the initiative to trigger an explosion. After all, he isn’t stupid; an explosion like that would shake even Fire Persimmon Mountain itself. He’d be blown to bits on the spot.”

After pausing, Fei Si continued: “That demonic cultivator has been struck by the Limeheart Technique. He’ll only grow weaker as time passes.

“We are the ones with the advantage here. Let’s take it step by step; we can’t be hasty for success and give the enemy an opening to take advantage of.

“In this subordinate’s humble opinion, we should contact the three major clans and jointly discuss on how to deal with that demonic cultivator. Like this, we can strengthen our unity and sound out disloyalty. If there’s really a spy among them, or if they’re planning from behind the scenes, we’ll be able to find out more easily.

“We should refrain from making a move until after the harvest at the Fire Persimmon Festival. That way, we can keep our losses to a minimum.”

Chi Dun’s eyes widened as he shouted in disbelief, “You still want to hold the Fire Persimmon Festival?! Do you want the whole city to die?!

“If Fire Persimmon Forest explodes during the festival, how many casualties would that cause? At that time, Sir City Lord would definitely have to shoulder the blame and may even be forced to step down!”

Fei Si had expected this response: “Since I’m the one who made this proposal, I of course have a plan. Sir City Lord, please take a look at this mechanical monkey.”

As he spoke, Fei Si brought a mechanical construct out from his storage bag.

This mechanical construct was half a person high. With its bright red fur and bulging muscles, it looked extremely lifelike. Naturally, it was the explosive fire monkey.

Fei Si introduced the mechanical monkey with slight pride: “Just three days ago, Chen Cha presented me with this mechanical construct. Using this, we can easily harvest fire persimmons without casualties.”

The City Lord remained expressionless. His divine sense moved, and the mechanical monkey floated over to him to be inspected.

A few moments later, he nodded slightly. “It’s alright. The control center in the brain is slightly ingenious.”

He was a Nascent Soul cultivator with broad vision. In his opinion, this explosive fire monkey was unremarkable and mediocre.

“Who is Chen Cha?” The City Lord had a little bit of interest in the creator.

Fei Si replied: “Many years ago, you ordered this subordinate to recruit mechanical arts masters from all over. Chen Cha is one of those who accepted my offer and came to live in Fire Persimmon City.

“He is a Foundation Establishment cultivator with solid formation skills, and is especially good at arranging dynamic formations. However, in terms of mechanical arts, his creativity is lacking and he never produced any outstanding works.

“But now, it seems his efforts have borne fruit.”

When the City Lord heard the Chen Cha was a Foundation Establishment cultivator, he lost all interest and waved his hand. “Okay, we’ll go with your plan. Chi Dun, give Fei Si your full cooperation.”

Chi Dun was unhappy, but still said, “This subordinate shall obey!”

In the Ning Clan.

The patriarch summoned the junior patriarch to the study and handed over a list.

Junior patriarch Ning Xiaoren scanned the list. His gaze first went to Ning Zhanji’s name among the deceased, then at Ning Zhuo’s name among the survivors.

The patriarch sighed: “Ning Zhanji’s death is a great loss for my Ning Clan.”

Ning Xiaoren said: “It’s an honor for him as a branch family member to sacrifice himself for the clan.”

The patriarch said: “You’re the one in charge of the clan’s logistics, so you handle the compensation for the fallen.”

Ning Xiaoren hurriedly said: “Don’t worry, father. I will definitely handle this matter properly.”

“Good.” The patriarch nodded and said, “Xiaoren, what do you think of the Lava Immortal Palace’s emergence?”

Ning Xiaoren thought for a while before saying, “The emergence of the immortal palace means that we have to speed up our exploration. Our clan was the last to know about it, so our current situation is even worse than before.

“We haven’t been able to invite excellent mechanical arts masters yet, and we can’t compete with the other three with the strength of our clan alone.”

The patriarch sighed and spoke with a heavy heart: “Currently, the selection standard of the immortal palace has dropped to the Qi Refining stage. Perhaps our clan should arrange some people to cultivate the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.”

Ning Xiaoren frowned and said, “Father, this is what worries me the most. How many people should be arranged to cultivate the new technique? What kind of people should we use? And most importantly, how many each should we choose from the main and branch families?

“The current situation is too unclear. How are we supposed to decide?”

The patriarch looked relieved after hearing these words. “Xiaoren, for you to realize this mean you are indeed qualified to be the junior patriarch.

“I’m going to call the elders to discuss this matter. As for you, go do what you’re supposed to.”

Ning Xiaoren bowed and took his leave.

When he returned to his study, a clan member came to ask about how the compensation should be distributed.

Ning Xiaoren replied without hesitation: “Compensation? What compensation?

“Weren’t those Ning Clan members all part of the Monster Hunting Association? Let the Monster Hunting Association take care of their compensation.”

The clan member said hesitantly: “But, they were still surnamed Ning…”

Ning Xiaoren interrupted: “Our clan is in dire straits financially, which is why we encourage our people to join other organizations to make a living. As a Ning Clan member, you must think for the sake of the Ning Clan!”

The clan member had no choice but to withdraw.

Still frustrated, Ning Xiaoren called in Ning Zhuo’s uncle, Ning Ze.

Ning Xiaoren’s expression was livid as he tapped his knuckles on the table. “Ning Ze, you still call yourself an uncle? Ning Zhuo ran over to the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern and nearly lost his life. Did you know that?”

Ning Ze wiped sweat from his forehead and quickly replied, “I know, I know!”

He had ‘come up with’ a good plan to provoke Ning Zhuo into joining the Monster Hunting Association. But in the end, the immortal palace emerged, and Ning Zhanji, whom he’d entrusted to recruit Ning Zhuo, had perished.

Ning Zhuo had yet to truly join the Monster Hunting Association, and Ning Ze’s scheming had been uncovered by Ning Xiaoren. How could he not feel upset?

But Ning Ze had no choice but to smile bitterly. “Sir junior patriarch, it’s not that I didn’t want to make arrangements for Little Zhuo. But he’s just too stubborn…”

Bam.

Before Ning Ze could finish speaking, Ning Xiaoren flung the inkstone at his forehead.

Ning Ze felt a sharp pain, and warm liquid dripped down from his forehead to his chin. The scent of iron filled his nostrils, and he understood that the junior patriarch had struck him again.

“Stop playing dumb!” The junior patriarch pointed toward the door. “Get the hell out. Next time, I’d better hear some good news!”

Ning Ze’s face was burning with pain and blood was dripping from his chin, but he didn’t dare to treat himself yet. All he could do was grit his teeth and leave.

