Chapter 2: Ning Zhuo

Today was a big day for the Ning Clan. The results of the clan examination were being announced.

Ning Ze and his wife Wang Lan[^1] sat in the hall early in the morning, waiting to hear the results of their family’s two juniors.

After birth, the children of the Ning Clan had their constitutions tested annually until they were twelve or thirteen years old. Those with the qualifications to cultivate were sent to the clan’s private academy and had their studies subsidized until they were sixteen or seventeen years old, at which point they would take the graduation examination.

For these young cultivators, this examination determined their fates. Those who ranked in the top thirty would be allowed to join the Ning Clan’s family industry, granting them bright futures.

Wang Lan seemed to be calmly drinking tea, but her eyes darted to the door from time to time, unable to hide her anxiety and anticipation.

Meanwhile, Ning Ze’s eyes were dim and his mood was gloomy.

He had waited until dawn, but the Huang Family Ghost Trio never contacted him.

"They failed!

“I didn’t expect Hanging-Hair Traveler to be so fierce!

“But it’s still okay.

“When I contacted the Huang Family Ghost Trio, I didn’t reveal my true self. Hanging-Hair Traveler won’t be able to find me.

“Hmph, the Huang Family Ghost Trio were all talk! With a Soul-Suppressing Talisman, a Verdant Blade Mantis, and fighting three against one, they still lost! I really misjudged them.

“Sigh, that Hanging-Hair Traveler… What should I do now?”

Ning Ze had been forced to take a risk, but his plan failed miserably. Now, he was agonizing over how to explain things to the junior patriarch.

"Dad, Mom, I passed the exam, I'm in the top 30!" At this moment, a young man rushed into the room and shouted excitedly.

"Really? Ji'er, you really passed?!" Wang Lan immediately stood up with a face full of surprise.

The young cultivator, Ning Ji[^2], said loudly, "Of course! Mom, you don't even believe your own son?"

"Oh?" Ning Ze looked up and saw his son's proud and unrestrained smile.

Normally, Ning Ji’s grades hovered around 40th place. Ning Ze didn’t expect that his son would suddenly perform so well this time.

This bit of good news slightly raised his spirits.

Ning Ji continued speaking in a loud voice. “Dad, Mom, I’ve made you proud this time. Don’t I always say that I know what I’m doing? My grades aren’t all that great usually, but that’s just because I’m not giving it my all.

“Unlike a certain someone!

“There’s someone here who’s usually always in the top 30. But this time, he messed up and finished in 31st place. That’s right, he failed!”

As Ning Ji said this, he turned around with a sarcastic expression and looked at a young man in white who followed him into the house.

This white-robed young man was dressed simply and had clear eyes. His face was full of guilt and deep disappointment.

"Uncle, aunt." The young man in white, Ning Zhuo, greeted the couple.

Wang Lan looked at him and shouted, “What? Little Zhuo, you failed?!”

Ning Ze’s expression darkened, and he immediately stretched out his hand. “Show me your report card.”

Ning Zhuo took out his report card and handed it to his uncle. Looking down at the report card, Ning Ze’s expression became even gloomier.

Shaking the paper in his hand, he said angrily, “Little Zhuo, how could you have made such a mistake?

“I recall that your mechanical arts skills are pretty good. Back then, that mechanical parrot you created even won praise from the elders.

“Mechanical arts is obviously your specialty, so why was your score so low this time?

“Sigh, if it wasn’t for this low score, you would definitely have ranked in the top 30!”

Wang Lan’s gaze grew sharp. “Little Zhuo, tell me honestly. Have you been taking on private commissions from a mechanical workshop again?”

Before Ning Zhuo could answer, his aunt sighed, “How many times have I told you to stop thinking about money all the time? Youngsters like you should focus on their studies.

“Alas, you invested all your effort into making money. This is like throwing away watermelons to pick up sesame seeds.

“Now look! Outside the top 30! Locked out of the family industry!!”

Hearing this, Ning Zhuo finally plucked up his courage and said, “Aunt, I heard from my classmates that we can use connections…”

Before he could finish speaking, Wang Lan interrupted him: “Use connections? Do you know how many spirit stones it takes to use connections? Do you know how many people we’ll need to bribe to get you in through a backdoor?

“You didn’t do well in the exam, so now you want me and your uncle to go running around and find you some connections?

"How dare you!

“If you knew this would happen, why didn’t you listen to me in the first place?

“I told you so many times to focus on your studies and ignore the sparse spirit stones you could get from those private commissions.

“Did they do you any good?

“If you had ranked among the top 30 and joined the family industry, you would be able to earn so much more. You would have fewer things to do and more time to cultivate.”

Ning Zhuo suddenly raised his head, his face flush with indignation. Gritting his teeth, he said, “Uncle, aunt – I, Ning Zhuo, will take responsibility for my own actions!

“Since I’m 31st, that’s that.

“You’ve taken good care of me over the years, and I am extremely grateful. This exam’s results are because of my own actions. I won’t deny it!

“I’ll take responsibility!

“I’m sure that I’ll be able to find a way to support myself outside.”

Having said this, Ning Zhuo bowed and continued, “Uncle, aunt, my classmates are waiting for me to join them for a celebratory meal. If there’s nothing else, I’ll be going now.”

Ning Ze stared at Ning Zhuo in silence.

As for Wang Lan, she waved her hand in disgust. “Go on, then, go! You sure are carefree, still in the mood to celebrate with your classmates even after doing so poorly in the exam!”

Ning Zhuo didn’t stay any longer, turning and leaving in indignation.

His cousin, Ning Ji, sat down comfortably in a chair.

As Wang Lan turned to look at Ning Ji, her expression changed from anger to elation. “It’s still my son who’s the best!”

She pushed the snacks on the table toward him, saying, “Hurry and eat. These are Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes from Golden Restaurant. Eating these will strengthen your sea of consciousness and bolster your divine intent. This will be of great help for your cultivation and even your future Foundation Establishment!”

Ning Ji’s eyes lit up, and he immediately picked up a cake and put it in his mouth.

The Golden Flake Jade Dew Cake had a unique texture; the cake portion was soft and chewy, while the golden flakes were crispy. Deep inside, there was a delicious liquid filling.

Ning Ji swallowed the first cake in three bites, feeling a refreshing breath of cool energy rise from his stomach and rush straight to his head. He immediately exclaimed, “Delicious!”

“Then eat more. Eat all of them.” His mother smiled.

After eating the remaining three cakes, Ning Ji licked his lips, seemingly still unsatisfied. “As expected of Golden Restaurant, so delicious! How come there are only four? Is that all?”

His father snorted coldly and said, “Each of these cakes is worth 20 spirit stones. You just swallowed almost a hundred spirit stones, and you still want more?

“If you want more, then work harder! Don’t slack off! You should do your best for the clan and earn enough money to buy yourself spirit food with your own two hands.”

Ning Ji shouted, “Dad, haven’t I made you proud this time? Just think, if my grades were like they were before, you would have to run around bribing people to get me into the family business. Since I did so well in the clan examination and saved you hundreds of spirit stones, what’s wrong with me eating some pastries from Golden Restaurant?

“Besides, eating these will strengthen my spirit and improve my cultivation. If I’d had these sorts of resources before, my grades would have been even better.”

Seeing his son talking back, Ning Ze glared and was about to scold him.

Wang Lan quickly said, “Okay, okay, let’s stop here.”

Then she shot a glare at her husband. “My son did well in the exam, so we should be praising him! But after only a few words, you’re ready to scold him again.

“Don’t just look at how playful he is normally; he’s reliable when it counts. Nothing like that Ning Zhuo! That brat’s grades are usually good, so I let my guard down. But in the end, he’s the one who causes us the most worry!

“Hmph, he turned around and left after I just criticized him a little. How hot-headed! He even ran out for a celebratory meal. Does he have no shame?”

Ning Ji sneered. “Ning Zhuo is too arrogant, unwilling to listen to Mom and Dad’s advice. By the way, our family isn’t actually going to waste money and help him get in through the backdoor, right?”

Ning Ze snorted coldly. “That’s not something you need to worry about.”

Seeing his father growing angry again, Ning Ji subconsciously shrank back. But then, remembering his score in this exam, he loudly said, “Mom, Ning Zhuo went out to eat, so I want to go too! Give me some money. You don’t know just how hard I worked for this exam!”

“Alright, alright.” Wang Lan smiled and handed Ning Ji a bag of spirit stones. After grabbing the bag, Ning Ji stood up and left.

He walked out of the Ning Clan’s territory and onto the street, but didn’t rush to his favorite restaurant. Instead, he wandered around.

He was looking for Ning Zhuo.

Normally, there would never be a chance for Ning Ji to make fun of Ning Zhuo. Now that he had this opportunity, he obviously had to make the best of it.

Thus, he looked around everywhere but couldn’t find his cousin.

After asking several waiters, he learned that Ning Zhuo had never been to these restaurants, or even been seen nearby.

Ning Ji slapped his forehead in sudden comprehension. “That kid was just pretending. How could he have gone for a celebratory meal? Right now, he’s probably crying his eyes out in that crappy house where his mother died!

“Alright then, I won’t worry about him. Time to eat.”

Spirit food wasn’t just delicious; it also had wondrous benefits for a person’s cultivation, making Ning Ji salivate just thinking about it.

Ning Ji’s guess was partially correct; Ning Zhuo had indeed returned to his own home.

Compared to the place where his aunt and uncle lived, Ning Zhuo’s house was much more humble.

Gently closing the gate, Ning Zhuo walked through the small courtyard and entered the inner room. This place was his bedroom, as well as his study.

Although the furniture here was rather shabby, everything was neat and organized. Ning Zhuo touched the stone lion on the desk, and a faint light flickered across it.

This indicated that no one had been here while he was away.

Turning around, Ning Zhuo walked over to his bed and twisted the railing. Suddenly, a mechanical creaking sound echoed out.

The bed immediately moved to the side, revealing a passage leading underground. Ning Zhuo stepped onto the wooden ladder and lowered himself down into the underground room step by step.

Once his feet were planted firmly on the ground, he touched a switch on the wall and the bed above him returned to its original position.

Although the light from above had disappeared, the small underground room was illuminated by bright runes lining the walls.

At this moment, the loss and disappointment on Ning Zhuo’s face melted away, replaced by a serene expression. He sat down at his workbench, which was littered with various mechanical parts.

Ning Zhuo then pulled open a drawer on the right to reveal numerous pastries. Each pastry was wrapped in paper that displayed the logo of Golden Restaurant.

After reaching in and grabbing five pastries at random, Ning Zhuo activated his magical power and burned the paper wrappers. However, the Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes inside were left completely unharmed.

Obviously, he had repeated this action many times already, to the point of absolute perfection.

Ning Zhuo’s gaze grew distant as he chewed the cakes thoroughly. In his mind, he was reviewing today’s performance. This was a habit he had maintained for over ten years.

“There should be no problems. I just didn’t expect the others to perform so poorly in this exam.

“When I was looking at the ranking, I almost thought that I messed up and entered the top 30 by accident.”

Notes:

[^1]: Wang Lan – 王蘭 – Wang is a common surname meaning “king”, and Lan means “orchid” or “graceful”.

[^2]: Ning Ji – 寧忌 – Ji means “jealous” or “envious”

