Chapter 20: Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit

Thick black-and-white smoke curled around the palace walls, and hot lava flowed slowly below.

With its crimson bricks and golden pillars, the majestic palace stood tall and upright, like an ancient giant bathing in a river of lava.

In the deepest part of the main hall, atop the high-backed throne, a small dragon lay coiled.

This little dragon’s body was orange-red, as if it was made of lava. Streaks of golden light flowed within it, making it look extremely majestic.

It had a dragon’s head, a dragon’s tail, and four sets of dragon’s claws, but its body was that of a turtle. Its shell was covered in jagged reddish-brown rocks, with gaps between the rocks in a grid-like pattern.

This was the palace spirit of the Lava Immortal Palace – the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit!

At this moment, the resting Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit slowly opened its eyes and looked up above the palace.

The Lava Immortal Palace trembled slightly, and the palace spirit’s vision passed through the palace ceiling, penetrating the heavy clouds and finally falling on a vague figure.

That figure was Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s City Lord!

In order to avoid being noticed, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit didn’t look for too long, instead shifting its attention and casting its gaze downward.

Its gaze traveled extremely quickly, covering the entirety of Fire Persimmon Immortal City in an instant and only stopping once it reached the dense Fire Persimmon Forest at the foot of the mountain.

The golden eyes inside the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit’s red eye sockets shone brightly as it increased the intensity of its observation. In the palace spirit’s field of vision, the city, trees, residents, and everything else gradually turned virtual, revealing a magnificent grand formation.

This grand formation had two formation eyes, one large one inside the mountain and a smaller one in the City Lord Mansion. There were also five formation pillars, located in the three major clans’ residences as well as the dungeon and barracks.

The grand formation enveloped almost all of Fire Persimmon Mountain. Moreover, it was connected to the numerous smaller formations in Fire Persimmon Forest at the mountain’s foot.

The root of the grand formation was directly below the top of Fire Persimmon Mountain, deep beneath the ground.

The green formation patterns of the immortal city’s grand formation crisscrossed each other like a giant net covering heaven and earth, locking down the entire Fire Persimmon Mountain. Trapped in the center of this net, the immortal palace was like a bird in a cage.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit snorted, irritated by this feeling of suppression.

Suddenly, it pushed its front legs against the ground and leapt into the air.

Although it didn’t have wings, it moved extremely fast, flying in the air like a streak of orange-gold light.

After drawing a brilliant circle in the air, it returned to the throne. In an instant, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit’s motion turned to stillness, with the leftover sparks from its flight striking the throne and scattering around the dim palace hall.

Now that it had vented some of its frustration, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit lifted its dragon head again to continue inspecting the outside world.

Its gaze first focused on the City Lord Mansion.

Currently, inside the mansion, a burly youth with big eyes was sitting cross-legged and practicing cultivation. Unlike normal, he wasn’t gathering magical power, but dispersing it.

He was the grandson of the City Lord – Meng Chong!

Meng Chong felt as if his grandfather’s voice transmission was still lingering in his ears.

“Grandson, I’ve used the Good Fortune Imperial Decree Talisman to pull the qi flow of the Lava Immortal Palace over to you! I also lit the Marvelous Strategy Brilliant Calculation Incense in order to derive your next steps.

“Remember, you must be the first to cultivate the ‘Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation’ to the third level of Qi Refining. This will give you a critical advantage; as long as you succeed, you can be considered halfway to victory. Your advantages will accumulate faster and faster, and you’ll soon leave the other competitors far behind.

“It’s too bad that the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation is a Daoist technique. If it were a Buddhist technique, I could give you some Salvation Pills to help you.

“Right now, what you need to do is quickly disperse your magical power and recultivate using the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation!

“Someone will send you plenty of Vein Nourishment Body Protection Powder. Don’t be stingy and take as much as you need. Get rid of all your magical power as soon as possible!”

Meng Chong exhaled a mouthful of turbid breath, his large eyes full of determination.

The Good Fortune Imperial Decree Talisman and the Marvelous Strategy Brilliant Calculation Incense were both Nascent Soul-level treasures of unimaginable value. For the Fire Persimmon City Lord to have invested so much, it could be said that he had placed the burden of seizing the Lava Immortal Palace entirely on Meng Chong’s shoulders.

Meng Chong's heart blazed with fighting spirit!

“Grandpa, you’ve done so much for me. If I, your grandson, still fail after this, I’d be unworthy of the surname Meng!

“I won’t let you down. I’ll definitely be the first!”

Meng Chong’s face was full of determination. He closed his eyes and continued dispersing his energy.

However, his previous cultivation was too high, at the ninth level of Qi Refining. Thus, he needed more time to get rid of all his magical power.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit slowly shifted its gaze from the City Lord Mansion to the Zhou Clan’s territory.

In a secret room deep below the Zhou Clan.

Zhou Zeshen and Zhou Zhu were standing in front of a grand formation.

Zhou Zeshen said, “In all of Fire Persimmon Immortal City, only our Zhou Clan has access to this Gathering-Dispersal As-You-Wish Ebbing Spirit Formation.

“Big Zhu[^1], it’s time for you to enter this formation and disperse your energy. Then, you’ll recultivate with the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

“This grand formation can speed up the dispersal of your energy so you can start recultivating as soon as possible.

“We’re counting on you!”

The Zhou Clan had a deep foundation. Among the three major clans, it was the undisputed first.

In order to obtain the Lava Immortal Palace, the Zhou Clan had laid many plans long ago. Among them, one was the arranging of Zhou Zeshen and Zhou Zhu to join the Mud Flow Sect for cultivation.

The Mud Flow Sect was a rare sect specializing in mechanical arts. After learning whatever they could, Zhou Zeshen and Zhou Zhu had returned to the clan to await further orders.

Unexpectedly, the Technique Transmission Bell had sounded.

This forced the Zhou Clan to make a choice.

After careful consideration, the Zhou Clan decided to keep Zhou Zeshen and have Zhou Zhu take the risk of recultivating with the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

Zhou Zhu had no objections whatsoever. In a low voice, he said, “Big Brother Shen, you’re smarter than me. I’ll do whatever you tell me to.

“There’s no need to feel any guilt. It’s my honor to contribute to the clan!”

Zhou Zhu took a step forward and completely entered the formation.

He didn’t sit down but stood upright, steadfast and solid like a tall pillar.

His energy began to disperse.

Zhou Zeshen sighed deeply. Inwardly, he was feeling sorry for Zhou Zhu.

Zhou Zhu’s cultivation was at the eighth level of Qi Refining, one level higher than Zhou Zeshen himself. Being forced to disperse the magical power that he had cultivated over many years was a great pity.

But there was no other way!

It was likely that the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation was the key to the fight for the Lava Immortal Palace.

This was the first time that the Technique Transmission Bell had rung, and it had caused such a big commotion. Obviously, now that the standard had fallen to the Qi Refining stage, the selection process of the Lava Immortal Palace had undergone great changes!

In order to cope with any possible changes, the Zhou Clan had no other choice but to move forward while taking precautions.

The grand formation began to hum, and Zhou Zhu winced in pain.

An invisible force came from the grand formation and forcefully dragged out the magical power in Zhou Zhu’s body. It was naturally impossible for him to remain completely unharmed.

However, Zhou Zhu had the Vitality Convalescence Physique. As long as he remained motionless, vitality would burst out endlessly from within him, healing his injuries.

As the grand formation violently dispersed his energy, Zhou Zhu’s own self-recovery ability activated, rapidly healing the injuries to his meridians.

This was the key reason behind picking Zhou Zhu to be the one to recultivate.

Notes:

[^1]: Big Zhu – 大柱 – This is basically the same as “Little Zhuo”, but in reverse. Still an affectionate nickname.

