Chapter 21: Qi Refining, Second Level!

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit retracted its gaze and looked toward the Zheng Clan.

There, two Zheng Clan elders were trying to persuade Zheng Jian.

Zheng Jian was a young cultivator with an eye-shaped gemstone in the center of his headband. At this moment, he was shaking his head fiercely with a firm attitude. “No, I’ve already decided to cultivate the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation! No one can stop me.”

A clan elder sighed. “Zheng Jian, you are the most outstanding genius of our Zheng Clan’s younger generation. You have the gift of Heart-Piercing Insight, which perfectly complements our clan’s own cultivation technique. Changing to a different technique is a waste of your talent.”

Zheng Jian shook his head. “It’s my Heart-Piercing Insight that’s telling me to cultivate this technique as quickly as possible. This change will greatly benefit my future path!”

The clan elder shook his head. “Our clan history has records of predecessors who also had the Heart-Piercing Insight. It can indeed grant you incredible intuition, but that doesn’t mean that it’s always correct. There are many cases in the records of Heart-Piercing Insight providing false intuition. Zheng Jian, don’t trust this talent of yours too much.”

Zheng Jian shook his head. “Ever since I was a child, I’ve never encountered a situation where my intuition was incorrect. This time, I still want to listen to my intuition. Two elders, I appreciate your kindness, but there’s no need for you to continue trying to persuade me.”

The clan elder sighed and took a step back. “Alright. But, Zheng Jian, you should at least wait for some people from the branch family to cultivate this technique first and see how it goes.”

Zheng Jian laughed aloud. “There’s no need for that! Main family? Branch family? Don’t tell me that just because something is a little risky, we’re going to force it onto the branch family? If that’s the case, then our main family is too cowardly.

“Instead, it’s precisely because I am a member of the main family that I should set an example and forge ahead bravely. Otherwise, what’s the use of the main family being in charge?

“Two elders, I’ve made up my mind.”

The two elders sighed, both worried and gratified.

One of them said, “Very well, then. Take this jade slip.

“This was given by Sir Zheng Shuanggou after he learned of your situation.

“It records the way to craft an artifact called the Flying Death Hook.”

Zheng Jian was puzzled. “I need to quickly disperse my energy. How could I have time for artifact crafting when I should be seizing every moment?”

The clan elder smiled. “Don’t worry, just take a look.”

Zheng Jian placed the jade slip against his forehead and activated his divine intent to read it.

Soon, he revealed a delighted expression.

“Excellent!

“This artifact crafting secret art is powerful, but comes with two disadvantages. First, only those who cultivate the techniques of our Zheng Clan can learn it. Second, every time a hook is refined, the cultivator’s magical power will permanently drop by one level. If you refine too many, the upper limit of your magical power will drop lower and lower, with no hope of ever being restored.

“But for my current self, this couldn’t be more perfect.

“I’m getting rid of my magical power anyway, so it’s better to use it to craft Flying Death Hooks. Not only will this accelerate the dispersal of my energy, it will also give me powerful weapons for self-defense.

“Thank you, ancestor. Thank you, elders!”

The two elders stroked their beards and smiled.

“This is what you deserve.”

“You are a worthy son of the Zheng Clan. I’ll be praying for your success!”

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit looked at Zheng Jian for a while, then turned its head to gaze at the Ning Clan.

The Ning Clan patriarch and a group of elders were holding a secret discussion to select the people who would recultivate. The first draft of the list was being passed around.

The academy elder frowned. “This isn’t right. Although the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation comes from the Lava Immortal Palace’s Technique Transmission Bell, it currently only has three levels. Who knows what the future will hold? Most people won’t cultivate it voluntarily.

“Since we’re forcing people to recultivate, some resentment is inevitable. But there are too many people from the branch family on this list, with only a few from the main family. If we publish it like this, how can we convince the masses?”

The war hall elder was dismissive. “Our Ning Clan’s main family is small in the first place, with the branch family having many more people. It’s only natural that we choose more from the branch family.

“If we put too many people from the main family, what will happen if they die while exploring the immortal palace? Even if they don’t die, if we fail to obtain the subsequent levels of the technique, they’ll be as good as crippled.

“This kind of sacrifice would be too much for our main family.

“I don’t want to see the inner conflicts of more than ten years ago break out again!”

More than ten years ago, the Ning Clan had migrated from the Northern Wind Kingdom to the Southern Bean Kingdom.

On the way, they had been ambushed.

Numerous members of the main family had perished, and their Golden Core old ancestor had suffered serious injuries. After settling down in Fire Persimmon Immortal City, the Ning Clan’s Golden Core ancestor cultivated in seclusion all year round, leading him to be the most low-key among the Golden Core cultivators of Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

Meanwhile, the branch family’s numbers were still high. Seeing this situation, some ambitious branch family members had stirred up inner conflict in an attempt to usurp the main family’s rule.

In the end, the main family eked out a victory after a fierce battle.

Thenceforth, the main family had been extremely wary of the branch family, using various means both direct and hidden to weaken the branch family and strengthen the main family.

It could be said that the Ning Clan’s core policy was to strengthen the trunk and weaken the branches!

But now that they were choosing people to cultivate the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation, it was difficult to decide what to do.

This was because they didn’t know what the future held for those who cultivated the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

If the future prospects looked good, the Ning Clan would energetically send in main family members. If things looked bleak, they would arrange for the branch family members to take the burden.

Right now, no one could guarantee the future, and the Ning Clan’s elders were generally conservative.

After a brief discussion, they finalized the selection of branch family members. However, they had a harder time picking members from the main family, and the sound of arguments abounded. The elders here were all members of the main family, and they all carried their own network of relationships and interests with them.

The patriarch listened to the elders’ arguing for a long time. When they finally stopped to catch their breath, he took advantage of the opportunity to interrupt, “No matter how many people the main family sends out, there absolutely must be a leader among them. There are many people from the branch family, so if we don’t send a capable person from the main family to suppress them, the leadership of the recultivation team will likely fall into their hands.”

The elders’ faces fell. Obviously, the patriarch intended for them to send out a genuine talent.

The patriarch continued speaking, asking, “Who among our clan’s Qi Refining cultivators is capable enough to take on this important task?”

Only one person came to the elders’ minds.

“It has to be Ning Xiaohui.”

“She was born with the Ice Jade Hands. When creating frost-type talismans, she can simply follow her heart and naturally produce a masterpiece!”

“But, sending such a good seedling…”

“I disagree!” Suddenly, the elder of the talisman hall shouted their opposition, bringing the discussion to a halt.

Another fierce argument began.

The patriarch felt his head hurt as he waited for the elders to stop and catch their breath. The moment he had the chance, he said, “How about we ask Ning Xiaohui for her opinion first?”

The talisman hall elder got up and left the council hall, saying, “I’ll go talk to her in person!”

Soon.

"Elder." Ning Xiaohui bowed in greeting.

When she learned what the elder was here for, her expression changed immediately. “I have the Ice Jade Hands, so the path of talismans will be smooth sailing for me.

“Now you actually want me to pivot to something like mechanical arts? Which clan elder is out to get me?

“I’m going to complain to my grandmother!”

The talisman hall elder’s expression was gloomy. “You have my unwavering support, Xiaohui. Let’s go, I’ll go with you.”

Hearing Ning Xiaohui’s words, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was so enraged that it blew out a puff of fire and smoke. Its dragon face was filled with strong disdain.

Among the four major forces of Fire Persimmon Immortal City, it had the worst impression of the Ning Clan.

It was about to move on, but its gaze suddenly froze.

Not far from the core Ning Clan territory, there was a simple and unadorned courtyard.

In a basement below this courtyard, there was a workshop, and inside the workshop, a young man was sitting cross-legged and circulating his energy.

Blood was flowing from his nostrils.

His cultivation technique was the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation. As for his cultivation level…

Qi Refining, second level!

