Chapter 22: Can't Bear to Bully Ning Zhuo

In the underground workshop.

Ning Zhuo slowly opened his eyes and lifted his hand to wipe his nosebleed.

There was no longer any trace of the light blue frost-type magical power that had formerly occupied his body.

Instead, there was only five elements magical power!

There were five colors in the five elements magical power – white from the metal element, green from the wood element, black from the water element, red from the fire element, and yellow from the earth element. These five colors intertwined but didn’t fuse, staying clearly distinct from one another.

“The five elements spirit power found in nature goes through a constant cycle of generation and destruction. It’s nearly impossible for the different elements to stably coexist for a long period of time.

“But when spirit energy is transformed into five elements magical power through the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation, all five elements remain in a state of harmonious coexistence, clearly distinct and without any conflicts.

“As expected of a technique left by Three School Supreme Sage!

“Now I’m in the second level of Qi Refining…”

Previously, Ning Zhuo had been at the third level of Qi Refining. But now that his magical power had been converted, only two levels of Qi Refining remained.

After all, the conversion of magical power wasn’t 100% efficient. This wasn’t anything unexpected.

Next, Ning Zhuo had to continue accumulating magical power and quickly reach the third level of Qi Refining.

“I don’t know when the Technique Bell will sound again…”

After finishing the conversion, Ning Zhuo was extremely exhausted and decided to rest.

He took out some Warm Recovery Pills and swallowed them to help his body adapt to the new magical power faster.

Warm Recovery Pills were quite useful. Their medicinal power was mild and the effects were gradual, minimizing the burden on the body. Their biggest disadvantage was their price; a single Warm Recovery Pill cost more than a hundred spirit stones.

Ding ding ding…

The moment Ning Zhuo finished taking the pills, he suddenly heard a clear ringing, like the sound of a wind chime.

This was an alarm mechanism that was triggered by a suspicious person showing up near the house.

Ning Zhuo gently kicked the bottom of the workbench, and the wall in front of him creaked open. The bricks moved to the side and revealed a mirror.

The mirror clearly displayed the so-called “suspicious person” – it was Chen Cha.

Chen Cha was standing at the gate, hands behind his back. His head was lowered as he surreptitiously glanced around with a look of shame on his face.

Ning Zhuo’s eyes flickered with a sharp light. “Chen Cha? What’s he doing here?

“I guess there’s some news regarding the explosive fire monkey.”

Thinking of this, Ning Zhuo felt slightly happy.

Pacing back and forth in front of the courtyard gate, Chen Cha’s mind was full of an earlier scene.

Fei Si had called him and told him that the explosive fire monkey had received the City Lord’s approval. All the mechanical workshops in the city would be mobilized to mass produce these mechanical monkeys for the sake of the annual Fire Persimmon Festival.

At that time…

Fei Si gave Chen Cha some encouraging words: “You are someone I personally recruited into the city. Work hard and give it your all! If this matter is a success, your life will be completely different from now on.”

Chen Cha looked surprised. He quickly explained, “Sir Fei Si, you’ve misunderstood. When I reported to you about the explosive fire monkey, I was just hoping that you would give the Flying Disk Workshop some tax reductions on its sales. Actually, the explosive fire monkey was developed by someone else, not me.”

Chen Cha was skilled in both formations and mechanical arts. People like him who were singlemindedly devoted to their craft often disdained lying.

How could he pass off someone else’s work as his own? Chen Cha would look down on anyone who did so.

When he had talked with Ning Zhuo back then, he had once suspected Ning Zhuo of lying about having designed the explosive fire monkey’s blueprint.

Fei Si was stunned for a moment. “It’s not yours?”

He really hadn’t known about this.

But then, he just smiled nonchalantly. “That’s not a problem. As the workshop owner, you’re the one with the final say on who gets the credit.”

However, Chen Cha was stubborn about this. He shook his head decisively: “Sir, I’m not smart or talented enough to design such an incredible mechanical construct.

“The one who invented this mechanical construct must have gone through countless setbacks, whether during the design stage or production stage. He definitely put huge amounts of effort into perfecting it!

“Stealing his credit would be just like murdering him!

“Sir, please weigh things clearly.”

Fei Si’s eyes flashed coldly, and he was slightly incensed.

In his opinion, this mechanical construct needed to belong to Chen Cha! That was because Chen Cha was his subordinate, and Chen Cha’s merits were his own merits.

Smiling, Fei Si patted Chen Cha on the shoulder and gave some words of praise: “That character of yours is admirable. Although this construct isn’t yours, I’m sure that you will be able to design an even better mechanical construct in the future.”

Chen Cha was touched. “Thank you, Sir, for your appreciation!”

Many years ago, Fei Si had invited him to Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

Unexpectedly, life in the immortal city was actually quite difficult! He put his all into running his Flying Disk Workshop, but it had nearly gone to ruin this year.

However, Fei Si had indeed given Chen Cha a great opportunity. For this, he had always been very grateful.

Fei Si probed casually: “Tell me then, whose work is this mechanical monkey?”

Since Chen Cha refused to claim credit, Fei Si decided to secretly intervene and “help” his subordinate with this issue.

Fire Persimmon Immortal City was huge. What did it matter if one or two unknown mechanical arts masters went missing?

Chen Cha didn’t doubt Fei Si and briefly spoke about Ning Zhuo.

“Merely the third level of Qi Refining…” Fei Si sneered internally, but when he heard the following words, he furrowed his brow. “Hm? He’s from the Ning Clan?”

This complicated things.

Fei Si immediately gave up on his previous sinister idea.

After all, this now involved the Ning Clan, a Golden Core-level force. If he provoked them, it would cause him great trouble.

The Ning Clan was publicly recognized as the weakest among Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s four major forces. Their scale and overall influence was at the bottom, and they only had a single Golden Core cultivator.

However, the Ning Clan’s Golden Core old ancestor had proven himself in actual combat.

Sixteen years ago, the Ning Clan had experienced a fierce ambush during their migration. The Ning Clan old ancestor had battled one against two, repelling the assailants and rescuing most of the clan members. His combat prowess was extraordinary.

It was precisely because of this that the other three major forces allowed the Ning Clan to settle peacefully in Fire Persimmon City. Although there was often friction between them, the four forces took care to avoid any major conflicts.

If Fei Si erased Ning Zhuo, he might have to face the Ning Clan and their Golden Core ancestor. He was not one to take such a huge risk.

For a relatively small merit, the cost wasn’t worth it!

Since he couldn’t go ahead with his first plan, Fei Si quickly thought of another.

He sighed, “Chen Cha, you tricked me!”

Chen Cha was immediately confused. “Sir, you are my noble patron. It was thanks to you that I was permitted to cultivate in Fire Persimmon Immortal City. Why would I trick you?”

Fei Si said, “Your report was too vague, so I mistakenly thought that this mechanical construct was your own work.

“I’ve already vouched for you in front of Sir City Lord, and even asked him to give you a share of the credit.

“Sigh, I trusted you too much.

“Now that things have come this far, what will happen if the truth is exposed? How will Sir City Lord deal with us?

“I’ll be fine, but I’m worried about you, Chen Cha. For you, this will be the crime of falsely claiming credit!”

Chen Cha’s face turned pale in panic. “What should I do? Sir, please save me!”

Fei Si remained silent, stroking his beard in thought. After a moment, he said, “Let’s do this. You go and talk with Ning Zhuo, and see if you can convince him to hand over the rights to the explosive fire monkey’s design.

“Ning Zhuo is only sixteen years old, much younger than you. How much could he have experienced, going back and forth to his clan’s academy all day? Haha, you should go and have a good chat with him.”

Chen Cha was distressed. “This…”

Honestly, he was completely unwilling to do this sort of thing.

Fei Si snorted internally, but on the surface he sighed: “Chen Cha, this is for your own good! If you don’t do it, you’re the one who will be punished once the City Lord finds out! You should know, falsely claiming credit is a serious crime.”

Fei Si casually cited a few past examples, making Chen Cha break out into a cold sweat.

“Sigh, now that things have come to this, I can only try to persuade Ning Zhuo. No, I must successfully persuade him!” Chen Cha sighed internally and reluctantly changed his mind.

In truth, he admired Ning Zhuo very much, feeling like the young man was a traveler along the same road and even regarding him as a close friend.

But this matter was related to his life and reputation, and it might even implicate his benefactor, Sir Fei Si. He had no choice but to do this!

Fei Si’s strength and influence were far higher than Chen Cha’s. Taking advantage of the fact that Chen Cha was unfamiliar with the City Lord Mansion’s internal affairs, he easily swayed him with just a few words.

Chen Cha had not once thought of bullying or dealing with Ning Zhuo, but compared to a Golden Core cultivator like Fei Si, he was just a weak figure in Foundation Establishment.

The weak were always helpless.

After asking around, Chen Cha came to Ning Zhuo’s residence.

That was how he had arrived at the present moment, pacing in front of the gate and sighing in his heart while not daring to directly knock on the door.

“Old Chen, why are you here?” The gate opened. Ning Zhuo appeared, having changed into a clean set of clothes.

Chen Cha turned around and saw a young man in a white robe, with clear eyes and an extraordinary temperament.

The young man stood tall and straight. The way the sunlight poured down from the sky made his outline look particularly clear. With the flowers and plants in the small courtyard as a backdrop, the young man seemed to radiate a vibrant purity.

Seeing Ning Zhuo’s refined appearance, Chen Cha’s guilt instantly increased tenfold!

He had immersed himself in technical research for many years, resenting the injustices of the world of cultivation.

But today, he was going to play the role of a villain teaching a junior the cruelty of this dark world.

Chen Cha felt extreme agony!

