Chapter 23: Chen Cha: I really deserve to die!

“Little friend Ning Zhuo.” Chen Cha bowed with a forced smile.

“Old Chen, welcome! Please, come in.”

Leading Chen Cha into the house, Ning Zhuo had him sit down and brewed some tea for him.

Ning Zhuo got straight to the point: “Old Chen, what have you come for?”

Old Chen’s lips moved, but he was unable to muster up the courage to state his purpose. He could only say, “There’s some good news.”

Old Chen briefly explained the situation: In order to avoid Chi Dun’s pursuit, the black shadow demonic cultivator had fled into Fire Persimmon Forest. Now, all the formations in Fire Persimmon Forest were activated to temporarily lock it down. In order to minimize losses, the City Lord planned to produce a large number of explosive fire monkeys to replace the manual harvesting of fire persimmons.

“This is a huge fortune, Ning Zhuo. You’re very lucky!” Chen Cha said emotionally.

“It’s just…” Chen Cha felt like a heavy boulder was weighing on his tongue, making it difficult for him to utter another word.

Observing his expression, Ning Zhuo took the initiative to speak up: “Old Chen, is there anything else you want to say? After all, my mechanical monkey gainin the attention of the higher-ups is all thanks to you. Old Chen, if there’s anything you need help with, I won’t hesitate!”

Hearing Ning Zhuo’s concern for him, Chen Cha couldn’t help but feel even more ashamed and guilty.

“I’m ashamed, I’m truly ashamed.” Lifting his head, he sighed, then lowered his head again and said everything in one go, explaining that he wanted Ning Zhuo to privately transfer the creator’s rights of the explosive fire monkey over to him.

Faint light flashed in Ning Zhuo’s eyes.

“Fei Si… He is a Golden Core cultivator who’s always been good at claiming credit and showing off. Yes, this is precisely the sort of plan he would come up with.”

Ning Zhuo knew a lot about Fei Si. He had been scheming against the Lava Immortal Palace since the age of two and had always been wary of the four major forces. Fei Si was naturally someone he paid great attention to.

In Chen Cha’s mind, a young man like Ning Zhuo should be eager for wealth and even more eager for fame. After putting in endless effort to design the explosive fire monkey, an outsider had now come to demand the fruit of his labor. How could he not feel extremely angry?

However, Chen Cha had misread the situation.

He didn’t know the complex and dangerous hidden details, which even involved the bombing of the immortal palace.

The reason Ning Zhuo had met with Chen Cha wasn’t just to complete the mechanical monkey’s design; he also intended to proactively expose the explosive fire monkey’s existence.

With one action, he accomplished at least three different things.

Bombing the immortal palace was only the first step of his plan. Once the bombing was carried out, how could he avoid the subsequent investigation? This was something that Ning Zhuo had carefully pondered for a long time.

“I’ve already used Chen Cha and the Flying Disk Workshop to send numerous explosive fire monkeys out into the world.

“Now, Fei Si wants me to hand over my creator’s rights to this mechanical construct. Isn’t this basically giving me another layer of protection?

“This is very good.”

Ning Zhuo thought about it and immediately decided to agree.

Of course, he wouldn’t give the okay right away. Instead, his expression changed drastically after Chen Cha finished speaking.

Disbelief, anger, hatred, reluctance, fear… all kinds of complicated emotions appeared on his face.

Chen Cha could clearly feel that Ning Zhuo wanted to slam the table and scold him fiercely!

He was already prepared, head bowed to accept the scolding. After all, this was just what he deserved.

But in the end, Ning Zhuo didn’t say anything.

His face shifted between green and red as he glared at Chen Cha, lips moving soundlessly as if cursing internally.

Chen Cha felt extremely guilty, so guilty that he could hardly breathe.

He picked up the teapot and poured some hot tea for Ning Zhuo. “Young friend Ning Zhuo, I’m in the wrong here. Feel free to beat me and scold me as much as you like!”

Ning Zhuo gritteed his teeth and finally rose to his feet in anger. As a hot-blooded youth, how could he endure this kind of situation? He glared at Chen Cha fiercely, but in the end he didn’t have an outburst. Instead, he began pacing around the room.

His face was flushed and both hands were clenched into fists. He took large, heavy strides, as if trying to use the motion to vent the frustration and anger in his heart.

Seeing this scene, Chen Cha was at a loss. He wanted to provide some comfort, but there was nothing he could say. He felt so guilty that he wished there was a hole in the ground so he could crawl into it.

Ning Zhuo walked back and forth several times in a row. In the end, he stood in front of a wall and suddenly punched it hard.

He lowered his head, revealing a stubborn and lonely back view. His shoulders were thin, and the fist that struck the wall was slowly oozing blood. Unable to do anything but remain silent, Chen Cha’s heart grew even heavier.

Ning Zhuo stood still like a stone statue, maintaining this pose without moving.

Time seemed to have come to a halt, and an oppressive atmosphere hung heavy in the room. The only sound was that of Ning Zhuo’s angry breathing.

After an unknown amount of time passed, Ning Zhuo finally retracted his fist and slowly turned around. He seemed to have lost all his vigor, and his face was full of sorrow and helplessness.

His once clear eyes were now clouded with despondence.

His voice had become hoarse, and he spoke with difficulty: “So, Old Chen, there’s no way around this, right?”

Old Chen’s throat bobbed. He wanted to say something comforting, but no words came to his lips.

Suddenly, he raised his palm and slapped his own face viciously.

Pah pah pah!

He didn’t reserve any of his strength. Each time his palm met his face, his neck twisted wildly under the force.

After slapping himself, he stood up and bowed deeply to Ning Zhuo, without raising his body.

Ning Zhuo took a few deep breaths and gritted his teeth. Some unclear sounds escaped his throat, as if he was crying and screaming internally.

These sounds tugged heavily on Chen Cha’s heartstrings.

Then, Ning Zhuo loosened his tightly clenched fists and stepped forward heavily. Grabbing Chen Cha’s forearm, he slowly helped the old man up.

Chen Cha’s body straightened out. During this short period of time, his cheeks had already become red and swollen.

Looking at Ning Zhuo, Chen Cha’s pupils immediately contracted. The young man’s eyes were reddened, and there were two clear trails that tears had left on his cheeks.

“I really deserve to die!” Chen Cha berated himself internally.

Ning Zhuo spoke up: “Old Chen, don’t blame yourself. Although I’ve only known you for a short time, I know that you’re definitely not a villain!

“With… With things having come to this point, I can only accept it, right?”

Ning Zhuo raised his head and sighed. His feet moved backward, and he staggered, nearly falling.

Chen Cha hurried forward to support him, and helped Ning Zhuo into a seat.

A long time passed. Both of them sat across from each other without saying a word.

Ning Zhuo had been counting the seconds, and when he felt that the time was right, he broke the silence by speaking in a hoarse voice.

“I agree.”

Old Chen's heart twitched violently.

"I agree." Ning Zhuo said again.

Old Chen gritted his teeth in pain.

His eyes were also red. Looking up at Ning Zhuo, he slowly took out a jade slip.

He put the jade slip on the table, then placed a small cloth bag next to it.

Finally, he put a bag of spirit stones on the table as well.

After doing all this, he bowed deeply to Ning Zhuo again. He wasn’t so shameless as to stay there any longer; without a word, he turned around and left.

Ning Zhuo was now alone in the house. It wasn’t until a long time passed that he fully calmed down.

He had gotten too worked up in his performance just now, so it was inevitable that some emotions lingered.

