Chapter 24: Ning Zhuo Enters the Immortal Palace

Ning Zhuo began checking through the things Chen Cha had left.

First was the jade slip, which was as white as snow.

Ning Zhuo brought the jade slip to the center of his brows and inserted his divine intent. After reading through it, he found that it was a collection of formations called the “Curved Snake Elastic Movement Formation Collection”, and it was written by someone called White Scale Scholar.

Ning Zhuo revealed slight surprise as he took another look at the jade slip.

“White Scale Scholar isn’t a human, but a male snake monster. After suffering a serious injury in his middle-aged years, his snake body was irreversibly damaged. In order to make his body complete again, he replaced the missing portions with mechanical components.

“This jade slip records the formations he placed on both the mechanical components and his flesh-and-blood body.”

Although there wasn’t much information on White Scale Scholar, Ning Zhuo could tell that this monster was at least at the Nascent Soul stage.

“Chen Cha obtained this jade slip and devoted himself to studying it. In the end, he became renowned as a master of dynamic formations and learned how to make mechanical constructs.

“This is equivalent to passing all his knowledge on to me.”

Ning Zhuo’s judgment was based on the fact that the jade slip also contained many of Chen Cha’s personal thoughts and comments, as well as records of his independent experiments, experience designing mechanical blueprints, etc.

This kind of knowledge was absolutely priceless.

It was the accumulation of Chen Cha’s very life. Even if he accepted an apprentice to pass down his teachings, it was likely that he would keep some of these things secret.

But now, Chen Cha had actually given this jade slip to Ning Zhuo.

“That Old Chen…”

Ning Zhuo sighed and opened the cloth bag.

There were more than 20 wooden spheres in the bag. These wooden spheres came in different sizes; the largest ones were as big as a baby’s fist, while the smallest were the size of a pinky finger.

Each wooden ball had one side painted black and the other painted white. The black side had the word “DEAD” on it, while the white side had the word “ALIVE”.

“Half-Dead Half-Alive Beads.” Having read through the jade slip, Ning Zhuo recognized these wooden beads at a glance.

These Half-Dead Half-Alive Beads were mechanisms of Chen Cha’s own invention. He had designed them based on the knowledge from White Scale Scholar’s formation collection, combined with his own experience and a sudden flash of inspiration.

These wooden beads were components for mechanical constructs, designed to be used in the joints.

When the bead was turned to the white “alive” side, the joint would move freely. When it turned to the black “dead” side, the joint would lock in place.

The beauty of it all was that a subtle connection linked all these wooden beads. If you carved formation patterns into the main mechanical construct, it was possible to have multiple active formations.

By cleverly switching these wooden beads between dead and alive, a mechanical construct’s movements could be made even more nimble and precise.

“Good stuff! These Half-Dead Half-Alive Beads can be used in many ways.

“I can use them for the explosive fire monkey, and even for the Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables. No matter what, the performance will become much better than before.”

Ning Zhuo was ecstatic.

This kind of mechanical construct was exactly what he needed.

Others might not be able to make good use of these wooden beads. But to Ning Zhuo, they were rare treasures that would be of great help.

Finally, Ning Zhuo checked the heavy bag of spirit stones.

Counting them all up, there were 5,118 spirit stones inside.

This oddly specific number made Ning Zhuo fall into silence.

“This… is probably all of Old Chen’s savings, right?”

Ning Zhuo sighed. He was actually feeling slightly guilty.

He put everything away and began to recuperate.

The Warm Recovery Pills were very effective, allowing Ning Zhuo’s body to quickly adapt to the new five elements magical power.

After recovering, Ning Zhuo devoted all his efforts to cultivation, aiming to return to the third level of Qi Refining as soon as possible.

“When I reach the third level, will the Technique Transmission Bell make another commotion in the city?

“I have to go all out. This is a race against time!

“My mother was right. I am just an ordinary person, without the strong background and plentiful resources that others have.

“With my current progress, I’m still far behind!”

Before Ning Zhuo’s mother died, she had urged him to win recognition from the palace and become a seed of mechanical talent in order to obtain a share of resources.

Ning Zhuo was lacking key information, so he had no choice but to take a gamble. He had switched to the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation without hesitation.

“Aside from cultivating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation, I have to find a way to get into the Lava Immortal Palace.”

Ever since the bombing of the immortal palace, the peak of Fire Persimmon Mountain had been under strict guard. It was impossible to go there just because he wanted to.

“How will the clan react? Logically speaking, they should be assigning some Qi Refining cultivators to cultivate the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

“If I make good use of Chen Cha, I might also be able to enter the Lava Immortal Palace through the City Lord’s side.”

Ning Zhuo decided to observe the situation and wait for the right time.

His choice was correct.

A few days later, someone from the clan came to his house and told him that he had been selected as one of those who would be cultivating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

Ning Zhuo obeyed the order, concealing his cultivation and returning to clan headquarters to attend the first training session.

"Ah Zhuo, you're here too?" Ning Yong was very happy to see Ning Zhuo.

Ning Chen also came over, nodding slightly.

Afte greeting the two of them, Ning Zhuo looked around.

He found that most of the people here were from the branch family. There were very few from the main family of the Ning Clan.

“I heard that one of the clan elders wanted Ning Xiaohui in here, but Ning Xiaohui decisively refused and even kicked up a big fuss.” Ning Yong whispered in Ning Zhuo’s ear.

Ning Xiaohui had been their classmate in the academy. From beginning to end, she ranked first in every major exam.

Ning Chen said, “Her Ice Jade Hands are something we can only envy. Why would she take the risk of changing her cultivation technique? I think she made the right decision

“If it were up to me, even I would choose to keep cultivating the ‘Snowy Region Talisman Illustration Scripture’ rather than this Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation that only has three levels!”

Ning Zhuo could hear obvious resentment dripping from Ning Chen’s voice.

But there was no way around it. They were all ordinary people.

The training session was much shorter than expected. Someone announced that the chosen members would change to the new cultivation technique, and the top ten would receive resources as rewards. Then, they were sent back.

From Ning Zhuo’s observation, he could tell that most of the clan members were eager to cultivate for the rewards.

However, Ning Zhuo himself had no intention of accepting any rewards.

Nobody knew that he was already at the second level of Qi Refining, and he planned to keep this a secret forever if possible.

Just before leaving the clan headquarters, Ning Zhuo was stopped by his uncle, Ning Ze, who said: “Work hard in your cultivation, Little Zhuo. I had to pay a lot to get you in.”

Ning Zhuo let out an “ah” in realization. His face flushed in shame and embarrassment, and he bowed to Ning Ze to thank him. “Uncle, I’m sorry you had to trouble yourself.

Ning Ze nodded slightly and said, "It’s good that you know."

He really hadn’t had any other choice. The junior patriarch, Ning Xiaoren, had pressured him hard and even threatened to put Ning Ji on the list of members for the recultivation team.

Faced with this threat, Ning Zhuo’s aunt, Wang Lan, had caved immediately.

Ning Ze could only send the junior patriarch a large sum of money as a bribe.

The junior patriarch had accepted the bribe and added Ning Zhuo to the recultivation team.

For the next period of time, Ning Zhuo cultivated with all his might in secret while gradually showing progress in the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation during clan training.

He was very low-key, and the progress he showed on the surface was nothing notable.

But in secret, he spared no effort, crazily using up spirit stones. His magical power accumulated rapidly, leaping from the second level of Qi Refining to the third.

And tonight, Ning Zhuo arrived at the peak of the third level.

“I’ve reached the limit. The Technique Transmission Bell hasn’t sounded again, either.” Ning Zhuo sighed. “Just when is the Ning Clan’s recultivation team going to enter the Lava Immortal Palace…?”

Unbeknownst to him, deep within the Lava Immortal Palace, on a slowly-rotating five-sided stone pillar…

The words “Ning Zhuo” slowly emerged.

Qi Refining List, rank one: Ning Zhuo!

The next moment, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit atop the throne let out a roar.

Divine Ability – Life-Hanging Thread!

An invisible thread pierced through space and instantly attached itself to Ning Zhuo.

Before Ning Zhuo could react, his soul was pulled away along the thread, piercing space and directly appearing within the Lava Immortal Palace!

