Chapter 25: I Have a Head

Darkness.

Endless darkness.

In this endless darkness, Ning Zhuo slowly came to his senses.

“What just happened? Where is this?!”

Just then, a message flowed along the Life-Hanging Thread and directly sounded in his mind: “Lava Immortal Palace’s mechanical arts inheritance, soul guided by thread, Qi Refining test… Leave Room 1 and enter Room 2.”

Ning Zhuo grew alert and quickly understood what was going on.

“It seems that reaching the peak of third-level Qi Refining is the first requirement for selection.

“Since I met the requirement, my soul was drawn into the Lava Immortal Palace. Now, the second part of the test has begun.

“This is very different from what my mother told me!

“Sure enough, the Transmission Bell’s emergence was a hint that the Lava Immortal Palace’s tests for Qi Refining cultivators will be completely different from the ones for those in Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, or Nascent Soul.

“Thinking about it carefully, it makes sense.

“Once a cultivator reaches the Foundation Establishment stage, their dantian is completely stable. It’s nearly impossible to change their cultivation technique at that point.

“But as a Qi Refining cultivator, my dantian has yet to fully take shape. I switched cultivation techniques, and am now cultivating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation. To the Lava Immortal Palace, I’m like a child of its own family.

“Compared with those outsiders who practice other cultivation techniques, it’s obvious who the palace is closer to.

“However…

“Leave Room 1 and enter Room 2? How am I supposed to do that?”

Ning Zhuo calmed down and carefully sensed the endless darkness.

He gradually felt that his soul wasn’t there independently; instead, it was contained inside a certain object. Moreover, there was also a mass of spirit power inside this object.

Ning Zhuo tried to mobilize this spirit power, but nothing happened.

After thinking for a moment, he tried again; this time, he used the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation and got a response right away.

The spirit power began moving, slowly flowing inside the object where Ning Zhuo’s soul resided and following the pathways of the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

From this probing, Ning Zhuo gradually discovered that his soul was inside a long, rectangular box.

"A coffin?" Ning Zhuo guessed.

“Moreover, this sensation of mobilizing spirit power is very familiar. It feels the same as drawing spirit power from a spirit stone.

“The spirit power inside a spirit stone is limited. Circulating my technique like this will just waste it.”

Ning Zhuo stopped using the technique and fell into hesitation.

Pondering in the endless darkness, he was unable to find any clues.

“It seems that this is the only option…”

Ning Zhuo gritted his teeth and decided to take a risk. When it came to this sort of thing, he had never lacked courage.

He activated the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation again, this time holding nothing back. The spirit power inside the spirit stone was rapidly consumed, but he didn’t stop.

Spirit energy began to scatter outward from the long rectangular box. As it spread, Ning Zhuo was able to vaguely sense his surroundings.

“Over there?” Ning Zhuo sensed a certain something out in the darkness.

Moreover, that something seemed to be subtly resonating with him.

Ning Zhuo made up his mind and pushed the spirit power to the maximum. The resonance suddenly strengthened; after a few breaths had passed, it had multiplied dozens of times over!

Suddenly, an unknown object struck the long rectangular box that held Ning Zhuo’s soul.

The scattered spirit energy quickly wrapped around the unknown object and attached it to the long rectangular box.

Now, the spirit energy that Ning Zhuo was circulating suddenly had a new destination. As spirit power entered the unknown object, Ning Zhuo gradually made out its shape.

“This is… an arm?”

A guess came to Ning Zhuo’s mind like a flash of lightning.

As he continued circulating his cultivation technique, his guess proved correct.

It was indeed an arm, an arm with a four-fingered hand attached to the end.

In the darkness, Ning Zhuo experimented carefully.

He tried waving the arm, then stretched the hand out and groped around with the fingers. Although he didn’t feel any tactile sensations, the spirit power that seeped out in the process began resonating with other unknown objects.

After a while, a hard, cube-shaped object was sucked over to Ning Zhuo’s body and attached itself.

The darkness that troubled him suddenly faded away, and bright light filled Ning Zhuo’s vision.

He could finally see his surroundings!

Ning Zhuo was currently in a huge room with countless mechanical components scattered around in haphazard piles. There were torsos, heads, limbs, tails, horns, wings, etc.

These mechanical components were of various shapes and sizes, but all were made of brownish-yellow wood.

As for Ning Zhuo himself, he was on top of one of the piles.

Ning Zhuo observed his current body.

“I was right!”

The long rectangular box that had housed his soul was a rectangular mechanical torso.

The first object sucked over by the spirit power was a left arm.

The most recent object was a cube-shaped mechanical head.

“It’s really a head!

“I have a head!

“This head is rather large.”

Ning Zhuo was delighted.

The mechanical head had components similar to eyes, granting him sight. Now that he could see, everything was much more convenient.

Picking out another mechanical component from the pile, he attached it to himself using the same method as before. When he climbed down from the pile of mechanical components soon after, he already had two hands and two feet.

“A mechanical puppet body…”

Right now, Ning Zhuo’s torso was a long rectangular box. He had two legs, one of which was thin and the other thick, and their length was also uneven.

His two arms were both the same length, but the right hand had three fingers and the left had four.

His square-shaped head was disproportionately large on his body, making him look a little silly.

“Now that I have a body, although I can move more freely, the consumption of spirit power has also increased.”

Ning Zhuo had always been paying attention to the spirit stone in his torso. So far, he had consumed nearly half of its spirit power.

“The other torsos should have spirit stones in them as well. I can take those out and use them as backup.”

However, just when Ning Zhuo found a torso component and was about to disassemble it, a new message echoed in his mind, telling him that he wasn’t allowed to destroy the other mechanical components.

“Then I’ll just assemble another body.” But again, the moment Ning Zhuo started, another message arrived – he was currently limited to a single spirit power component.

Left with no choice, Ning Zhuo stood up.

He recalled the very first message, which told him to leave Room 1 and enter Room 2.

Obviously, this was the test’s main goal.

“There seems to be no time limit to this test, but that’s not really the case.

“I’m only allowed to have one spirit power component, and the spirit power in the spirit stone is constantly being consumed.

“Thus, I need to pass the test before the spirit power is completely used up.

“I should leave this place as soon as possible.”

Room 1 was very large. Its walls were made of red copper, and the golden ceiling reflected bright light.

Ning Zhuo had already seen that there was only one door in the room. Limping on his uneven legs, he slowly made his way over.

Once he arrived, he reached out a hand to push the door open. But the moment his fingers made contact, a message arrived, and three images appeared in his mind.

One was a spirit stone; another was a hanging ring, a type of mechanical component; and the last was a spell called “One Gust of Air”.

“I can only pick one?”

