Chapter 36: Running and Jumping with the Arms

Ning Zhuo fell into deep thought.

He didn’t know what the hanging ring was.

As for the “One Gust of Air” spell, he also wasn’t sure about its effects.

But he knew what a spirit stone was, and he also knew that it was something he needed.

“I wasted a lot of energy exploring the surroundings. The spirit stone in my torso is already at less than 40%.

“I’ll choose the spirit stone!”

Ning Zhuo made a choice in his mind, and a circle of light suddenly appeared in front of him. The circle widened slightly and spit out a spirit stone.

As Ning Zhuo caught the spirit stone, the circle of light rapidly disappeared.

Holding the second spirit stone, Ning Zhuo laboriously pushed open the door and entered Room 2.

Bang!

The door automatically closed behind him.

Ning Zhuo turned around and pushed the door, trying to return to Room 1. However, the door didn’t move.

“I see.” Left with no choice, Ning Zhuo turned around and carefully examined Room 2.

This Room 2 had a very different layout from Room 1. It was a long and empty hallway, made up of square copper bricks that emitted a yellowish luster.

Ning Zhuo spotted the exit immediately; it was a door on the other side of the hallway.

A message sounded in his mind, telling him to pass through Room 2 and enter Room 3.

Ning Zhuo continued observing the room for a moment. Failing to find anything new, he walked straight toward the door.

As a result, after a few steps, he found that he was right back where he started.

He looked down and saw that the floor tiles were actually slowly moving backward!

Ning Zhuo had no choice but to quicken his pace. However, the floor tiles also accelerated!

He walked faster and faster, and soon was forced to break out into a run.

“If I’d known the test would be like this, I would have picked the leg components more carefully.”

In Room 1, Ning Zhuo had been racing against time due to the constant depletion of the spirit stone. Moreover, finding a pair of matching legs was difficult, so he just grabbed whatever was nearby.

As a result, his two legs were uneven, forcing him to limp when he moved. This naturally affected his speed.

Running as fast as he could, Ning Zhuo finally reached the middle of the hallway. But at that moment, a giant log shot out from the wall to his right.

One end of the giant log remained inside the wall while the other end swept out like the arm of a giant.

Ning Zhuo had remained alert all this time and quickly jumped to avoid the giant log.

But just as he landed, another giant log popped out from the wall to his left.

Ning Zhuo jumped again, but with his unsteady footing and the movement of the floor tiles, he was unable to exert enough force. His jump was too low.

Bang.

With a dull sound, he was struck by the giant log, flying out in a long arc and falling to the ground.

Carried by the moving tiles, he slid all the way back to the door where he came from.

Ning Zhuo’s puppet body lay dizzily on the ground. It was only after a few breaths passed that he came to his senses.

“There was that sort of trap mechanism in place?

“The talisman runes on those giant logs seem to be able to weaken souls.”

Ning Zhuo felt that his soul had grown feeble.

Lifting his head, he saw the black runes on the giant logs gradually fade away, and then the giant logs slowly retracted into the walls. After that, a series of clicks rang out as the bricks on the walls returned to their original state.

“I see!” Ning Zhuo’s thoughts turned.

“Those giant logs are both obstacles and stepping stones.

“When they shoot out, I need to jump on top of them and use the momentum to keep moving forward.”

Ning Zhuo’s mechanical puppet body had limited speed. After running halfway across the room, the backward-moving floor tiles would begin to outpace him.

Thus, he wouldn’t be able to reach the second door just by running.

The walls were originally perfectly smooth, offering zero leverage. But the logs that swept out horizontally actually provided an opportunity.

With this new discovery, Ning Zhuo made another attempt.

Choosing the moment carefully, he jumped again and again. When he reached the fifth log...

Bang.

He was sent flying.

“The closer I get to the door, the faster the floor tiles move. If I misjudge their speed, my landing will be unsteady.”

After summarizing the experience and analyzing his mistakes, Ning Zhuo tried again.

Bang.

When he reached the eighth log, the difficulty increased again. A log fell from the ceiling and knocked him out.

Ning Zhuo slammed into the door and his body fell apart.

It took him a while, but he managed to stick his limbs back on. Then, stretching out both hands, he picked up his head and put it back on his neck.

“This head is too big. Its shape and size make it hard to turn. I should have gotten a smaller head.

“But the most problematic thing is that my legs are uneven. Fortunately, I’ve memorized the locations of the giant logs. I should be able to pass by trial and error!”

Bang!

This time, he only jumped over three logs before being knocked back to the start.

Ning Zhuo was shocked as he stared at the giant logs slowly retracting into the walls. “The logs don’t come out at fixed positions? They can move freely?”

The difficulty had suddenly soared tenfold!

On the throne in the main hall, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit had been watching this first test-taker in secret. When it saw the puppet Ning Zhuo standing still, it laughed loudly in joy.

The wooden puppet Ning Zhuo seemed to be performing a lively puppet show for the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit, who watched with great delight.

Bang, bang, bang…

Ning Zhuo made many attempts and suffered many failures.

“I’m out of spirit power.”

Sighing inwardly, he sat down cross-legged and opened the small panel on his belly.

Beneath the panel was a hidden compartment that housed a spirit stone. This spirit stone was very dim, the spirit power inside almost completely exhausted.

Ning Zhuo removed the spirit stone and replaced it with the other one.

Then, he closed the little panel on his belly and patted it gently to make sure it was firmly shut.

“When replacing the spirit stone, you have to be quick, or the remnant spirit power lingering inside the puppet body will run out. This is probably the time the puppet is most vulnerable.”

The replaced spirit stone actually still had a little bit of spirit power left. It was just that Ning Zhuo didn’t dare to keep using it.

What if the spirit power dried up completely while he was in the middle of running? The lingering spirit power in the puppet body would be used up, too, and he would suffer a complete defeat in this test.

“This puppet body consumes more than just the spirit power in the spirit stone.

“Every time I’m struck by the giant logs, the talisman runes on them weaken my soul.

“I’m here in the palace as a soul body. If my soul is weakened enough, then even if there’s still spirit power left, I won’t be able to do anything.

“Moreover, this puppet body of mine is constantly accumulating injuries.”

Ning Zhuo observed himself and found cracks all over his body.

“The location of the logs is random. There’s no trick to this test; I can only put in more effort.”

After readjusting his focus, Ning Zhuo started running again.

Bang, bang, bang…

Ning Zhuo was sent flying again and again, but each time, he gained more experience, becoming more proficient at controlling the puppet body.

He progressed at a rate visible to the naked eye.

When he reached the last section of the hallway, seven or eight giant logs appeared simultaneously. They swept toward him like the wind, one after another; sweeping sideways, striking head-on, falling from above, and even changing direction midway.

Ning Zhuo was knocked down again, this time losing a leg. After falling to the ground, he was carried back to the start by the moving tiles.

Previously, his legs were already uneven.

Now that he was down a leg entirely, what was he supposed to do?

After thinking it over, Ning Zhuo came up with a bold idea.

“Let’s try this.”

He removed his arms and stuck them under his torso in place of his legs. Then, he put his remaining leg in the spot where his right arm should have been.

His puppet body now looked strange and bizarre.

Ning Zhuo didn’t rush, remaining where he was and practicing for a while to gradually master his new form.

Half an hour later.

Ning Zhuo’s puppet body had only a single arm remaining, but he managed to crawl over to the door.

He was in terrible condition, with his soul having become extremely weak due to the talisman runes on the logs.

“Faster, faster!”

Urging himself on, he laboriously stretched out his hand and touched the door.

In an instant, the message arrived.

Just like before, there were three choices.

First, spirit stones.

Second, a mechanical component.

Third, a spell.

Ning Zhuo was already at the end of his rope. Without even taking a closer look, he immediately chose the spell.

Then, he fainted.

