Chapter 27: Assassination

Ning Zhuo slowly opened his eyes to find that the world around him had changed drastically. He was now back in his underground workshop.

A sense of weakness rose up from the depths of his heart.

Ning Zhuo stood up and examined himself.

“My body is fine, but my soul has taken damage.”

He had suffered too many strikes from the giant logs in Room Two.

“Although this was my first time exploring Lava Immortal Palace and I didn’t even make it to Room Three, I still gained a lot!

“Especially the spell reward from Room Two. Luckily, I was able to bring it back.”

Ning Zhuo wasn’t in a hurry to study the new spell, instead drinking water and having a meal.

His soul had been drawn away, leaving his body unconscious. Although his heart had still beat and his lungs had still breathed, staying motionless for so long wasn’t a good thing.

After all, Ning Zhuo was still a cultivator in the Qi Refining stage, and he hadn’t practiced any special techniques to strengthen the physique. His body wasn’t very strong.

While he ate and drank to replenish his body’s nutrients, Ning Zhuo also checked the time.

“This first foray into the Lava Immortal Palace lasted about three hours.

“Entry into the Lava Immortal Palace is different for Qi Refining cultivators who have cultivated the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation. Others enter the palace with their true bodies, but I had my soul dragged in… In other words, there’s no real point to the City Lord guarding the peak of Fire Persimmon Mountain.

“No, wait. He’ll probably continue locking it down.

“On the one hand, he needs to stop cultivators above the Qi Refining stage from entering the palace with their true bodies. After all, the Lava Immortal Palace has already emerged.

“On the other hand, his own force benefits from him doing so. His grandson, Meng Chong, is still in the Qi Refining stage, and he must have already made plans to fight for the Lava Immortal Palace. Right now, it’s the City Lord Mansion who has the greatest advantage.

“Meng Chong has a super-grade immortal talent – Ferocious Rushing Thunder! I can’t match up to him at all.

“Sigh, I wonder how many levels he’s passed already? Room Two definitely wouldn’t have been a problem for him.”

Having spirit roots was only the most basic qualification for a mortal to cultivate.

Beyond spirit roots, there were numerous grades of innate talents.

Super-grade innate talents – also called immortal talents – were the best of the best. It was normal for the holder of an immortal talent to defeat foes of higher levels.

Ning Zhuo hadn’t managed to enter Room Three during his first exploration, but he had learned a lot.

The Lava Immortal Palace treated “outsiders” and “insiders” completely differently.

For Ning Zhuo, this was undoubtedly a fortunate situation.

He had expected to need to face competitors in the Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, or even Nascent Soul stages. But now, thanks to this testing method, his current opponents would only be Qi Refining cultivators.

Ning Zhuo recalled some information he had collected previously.

“Among the Qi Refining cultivators on the City Lord’s side, Meng Chong is definitely the strongest.

“The Zhou Clan’s Qi Refining Cultivators include Zhou Zeshen and Zhou Zhu. Those two previously joined the Mud Flow Sect, and their mechanical arts skills are incalculable.

“Zheng Jian is the standout Qi Refining cultivator of the Zheng Clan. His Heart-Piercing Insight is a high-grade innate talent; I can’t underestimate him.

“As for the Ning Clan, Ning Xiaohui is unparalleled among those in her same cultivation level. However, she doesn’t want to switch to the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

“Sigh, all these people are cultivation geniuses. Compared to them, I only have the low-grade innate talent of Early Wisdom, nothing special.

“But more importantly, all of them have deep backgrounds and can obtain strong support from their families. Meng Chong even has the help of a Nascent Soul cultivator.

“As for me, I’m too ordinary and can only rely on myself. In this regard, all I can do is look up at them enviously.”

After analyzing the situation, Ning Zhuo felt his head start to hurt. He picked up a bottle of soul-restoring pills, poured a few into his hand, and swallowed them down along with some water.

Then, he threw himself on his bed and fell asleep.

While Ning Zhuo was resting, there was a conflict in the Zhou Clan.

“Why can’t I use the Gathering-Dispersal As-You-Wish Ebbing Spirit Formation?!” A Qi Refining cultivator shouted arrogantly.

“Because I am here.” Zhou Zeshen stepped forward with a gloomy look on his face.

The Zhou Clan Qi Refining cultivator sneered and was about to make a sarcastic remark when Zhou Zeshen suddenly pulled out a small flag.

He aimed it at this Qi Refining troublemaker, and with a wave of the flag, the ground beneath the troublemaker’s feet suddenly turned into mud.

Sinking in the mud, the Qi Refining cultivator shouted, “Zhou Zeshen, you’re too rampant! You actually attacked me inside clan territory! You-”

His voice stopped.

Everything up to his nose was submerged in the mud. His nostrils were only barely exposed, preventing him from suffocating.

No matter how desperately he struggled, he couldn’t move. His face flushed in fury as his eyes opened wide.

Zhou Zeshen laughed mockingly, then glanced around and spoke to the onlookers. “I know that some people in the clan aren’t happy with me and Zhou Zhu. But using a petty trick like this to make things difficult for me? You underestimate me too much.”

Just then, a sharp alarm sounded from below.

Zhou Zeshen’s expression drastically changed, and he whipped around to hurry down to the basement.

The Gathering-Dispersal As-You-Wish Ebbing Spirit Formation had come to a halt, and Zhou Zhu lay on the ground with his eyes closed. Blood was flowing from every pore on his body.

“Big Zhu!” Zhou Zeshen ran into the formation and checked on Zhou Zhu, immediately giving him emergency treatment.

Soon afterward, a Zhou Clan elder came over with a sullen expression. “Investigate! Find the culprit and make them pay!”

In the Zheng Clan.

In a smithing room, things were in full swing.

A furnace one zhang high was open, the light of its fires casting a red glow over Zheng Jian’s face.

At this moment, Zheng Jian’s upper body was bare, revealing bulging muscles and dripping sweat as he put all his effort into his smithing.

He held iron pliers in one hand and an iron hammer in the other, constantly pounding away at an artifact embryo.

This artifact embryo was rather small, about the size of an infant’s palm.

Suddenly, it shone brightly.

Zheng Jian’s eyes glittered. He immediately put down his iron hammer and scooped out a bucket of water, pouring it on the artifact embryo.

The moment the clear water touched the embryo, hissing sounds rang out and billowing white water vapor surged in all directions.

Zheng Jian suddenly sensed danger and quickly retreated.

However, he had already inhaled some of the water vapor. He coughed twice, blood spurting from his mouth.

“Damn it, the water was poisoned!”

Zheng Jian’s face turned pale and he retreated from the smithing room.

In the City Lord Mansion.

A black-clad assassin climbed over the courtyard wall, landed lightly on the roof, and quietly took out a magic artifact shaped like a blowpipe.

The assassin stealthily cast a spell and melted a tiny hole in the roof, then extended the blowpipe into the hole.

But the next moment, a low roar sounded: “Villain, die!”

A powerful force struck the blowpipe. Accompanied by terrifying electricity, it shot straight through the black-clad assassin’s mouth, broke out from behind his head, and disappeared into the sky like a flash of lightning.

Arcs of electricity crackled around the assassin as he shuddered violently several times.

Then, reduced to black charcoal, he fell headfirst from the roof and smashed to the ground.

“Hmph!” Inside the room, Meng Chong slowly closed his eyes and continued dispersing his magical power.

In the Ning Clan.

Ning Xiaohui stood in front of the patriarch, flanked by her grandmother and the Talisman Hall Elder.

“It’s not impossible for me to switch to cultivating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation. But I have some conditions!” Ning Xiaohui had changed her tune.

As it turned out, the Ning Clan’s main family couldn’t find any other decent descendants, so they could only strongly push for Ning Xiaohui.

Ning Xiaohui’s grandmother and the Talisman Hall Elder who supported her gradually couldn’t hold up against the combined pressure from the others and were forced to compromise.

