Chapter 28: Icy Embrace Art

The Ning Clan patriarch smiled bitterly and said, “Tell me your conditions.”

His expression became darker and darker with each condition Ning Xiaohui listed.

Five items in, the patriarch couldn’t bear it any longer and raised his hand to stop her. “Stop, stop for a moment.”

Granny Ning, who held very high seniority, said unhappily: “Why stop? My granddaughter is risking her life for this.”

The talisman hall elder also chimed in. “Sir Patriarch, did you know? The City Lord Mansion has already sent city guards to patrol Fire Persimmon Immortal City and strictly investigate anyone who cultivates the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

“Once Xiaohui joins this competition, the danger won’t just be limited to inside the Lava Immortal Palace.”

Granny Ning snorted coldly. “It’s not like we’re outsiders of the branch family. All of us here are main family members. Patriarch, why are you being so stingy?”

…

By the time Ning Zhuo woke up, it was already noon of the next day.

He was feeling much, much better.

“Looks like I’ll need some pills for nourishing and restoring the soul.”

Although Ning Zhuo had a lot of pills stored away, very few of them dealt with the soul. But from his first foray into the Lava Immortal Palace, he could tell that this kind of pill would be indispensable in the future.

“It’s not just the logs in Room 2 that can weaken the soul. When my soul is drawn out and attached to the mechanical puppet, that also slowly consumes its power.

“In that case, the stronger my soul foundation is, the easier it will be to explore the Lava Immortal Palace.”

After coming to a decision, Ning Zhuo immediately took action.

He planned to go out and buy soul-nourishing pills from the various pill pavilions and pharmacies in the city. Of course, he would also purchased other pills along with them so as to conceal his true intentions.

But soon after he set out, he heard someone complaining that the city guards were going around arresting people everywhere.

At the same time, he saw many notices posted on the wall – the City Lord Mansion was currently testing the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation, concerned that it might be a demonic technique disguised as a Daoist one. In order to prevent any accidents, the cultivators in Fire Persimmon Immortal City were temporarily forbidden from cultivating it.

Ning Zhuo immediately changed his plans, no longer daring to go around buying pills.

As he hurried back, he heard some other rumors that made him feel nervous.

“Meng Chong, Zheng Jian, and Zhou Zhu were all attacked?

“How terrifying.

“Those are all geniuses protected by the full power of their clans. If even they encountered such a thing, then an ordinary person like me will only be worse off if I’m exposed!

“My mother was right. I have to conceal myself well.”

Ning Zhuo returned to his house.

He still needed to stockpile soul-nourishing pills, but the situation right now was too tense, so that would have to wait.

Ning Zhuo thought about the black market.

But during the bombing of the immortal palace, his Iron Will Gray Armor had been heavily damaged. The armor’s back in particular was almost completely worn out.

Most importantly, the critical Foundation Establishment Pill had been greatly depleted, with only one tenth of its power remaining.

This was Ning Zhuo’s trump card. He couldn’t use it up carelessly.

“For now, I’ll just practice the spell I received as a reward from the immortal palace.”

The spell Ning Zhuo had obtained was called the Icy Embrace Art. Once it was used, whatever was in the caster’s embrace would turn to ice.

After studying the spell for a bit, Ning Zhuo’s first thought was that this spell was a little weak.

He had previously cultivated the frost-type Snowy Region Talisman Illustration Scripture and mastered several related spells.

For example, there was the Ice Spear Art, Frost Flower Art, Snowball Art, etc.

“The biggest drawback of this Icy Embrace Art is that it only works in close quarters.

“Most common spells like the Ice Spear Art and the Snowball Art can be used to attack from a distance.”

Only being usable in close quarters was a huge problem when it came to actual combat.

This made Ning Zhuo think about the Ice Spear Art.

In fact, he had wanted to use this spell inside the Lava Immortal Palace.

The problem was that he couldn’t!

Cultivation techniques and spells were different, but they were also connected.

Cultivation techniques were things like the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation or the Snowy Region Talisman Illustration Scripture. Their main purpose was to refine magical power.

As for spells like the Ice Spear Art, Frost Flower Art, or Icy Embrace Art, they were methods of using that refined magical power.

And a cultivator’s spells were based on their cultivation technique.

There were various kinds of magical power. Someone who cultivated ice-type magical power could never use the Fire Dragon Art; at most, they could cast the Ice Dragon Art, Snow Whale Art, etc.

After Ning Zhuo obtained his five elements magical power, he had attempted to cast the Ice Spear Art, but couldn’t do it.

Since his magical power contained all five elements, if he wanted to use a spell of a single element, he first needed to extract the corresponding type of magical power.

The Ice Spear Art he had mastered was incompatible with the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

He needed to modify the spell.

This was a very common situation in the world of cultivation.

If Ning Zhuo had instead cultivated a different ice-type technique, he would most likely still be able to use his current Ice Spear Art. However, the spell wouldn’t be completely compatible with his new magical power, so its power would drop unless he made suitable adjustments.

As for the Icy Embrace Art, Ning Zhuo could use it without modification. It was a spell that was completely compatible with the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

After several practice attempts, water element magical power split off from Ning Zhuo’s five elements magical power, and he cast the Icy Embrace Art successfully.

The wooden stool in Ning Zhuo’s arms was instantly covered in frost. The frost spread rapidly, becoming thicker and thicker, and a few seconds later, the wooden stool had turned into a block of ice.

Ning Zhuo couldn’t hide his surprise. “The Icy Embrace Art is so powerful?”

Compared to common spells like the Ice Spear Art, Snowball Art, or Frost Flower Art, the power of this Icy Embrace Art was clearly several levels higher.

For the next period of time, Ning Zhuo devoted himself to practicing this spell in his underground workshop.

He grabbed benches, chairs, mirrors, bricks, etc… and turned them all into blocks of ice.

Ning Zhuo was addicted to his practice.

The floor and the corners of the walls were covered with ice blocks of varying sizes. The entire underground workshop was filled with icy air, turning it into an underground ice cellar.

“The three choices from the first door were a spirit stone, a hanging ring, and ‘One Gust of Air’.

“If I think carefully, it’s obvious that the three choices were designed to help me pass the second room.

“Nothing needs to be said about the spirit stone. The hanging ring is probably something similar to my Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables, and the ‘One Gust of Air’ spell would most likely enable my puppet body to change direction in midair, or even levitate for a moment.

“Thinking along this line, the rewards from the second door should help me in the next room.

“The spirit stones are still spirit stones. I didn’t see the mechanical component clearly. But judging from this Icy Embrace Art, Room 3 probably involves combat.”

Ning Zhuo logically analyzed the situation, drawing a conclusion from the fact that Icy Embrace Art was a typical offensive spell.

“Room 1 requires the cultivator to assemble a mechanical puppet. Room 2 tests the puppet’s ability to jump and run. Room 3 could require battle.

“Looking at things from this point of view, the Lava Immortal Palace’s tests double as passing down teachings. It seems that Three Schools Supreme Sage isn’t just choosing worthy talents, but also actively training them in mechanical arts.

“Sigh, my soul is almost fully healed, but I don’t know when I’ll be able to enter the immortal palace again.”

That night, exhausted from practicing, Ning Zhuo fell asleep.

He felt that something was wrong and tried to open his eyes, but found that darkness was all he could see.

After a few moments of confusion, he sensed his surroundings and instantly became excited.

“My soul is back inside the Lava Immortal Palace!”

