Chapter 29: Hanging Ring

After his precious first experience, Ning Zhuo was no longer unfamiliar with this darkness.

Without hesitation, he circulated the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation at full strength to mobilize the spirit power in the spirit stone.

Click.

He attracted the first mechanical component over and attached it to his torso.

It was an arm.

He then obtained his second mechanical component.

It was a wooden head.

With that, Ning Zhuo regained his vision.

Lying on the pile of mechanical components, he reached out and touched his head all over. Just like before, it was a big and cube-shaped head.

“Why is it like this again?

“Running and jumping is more difficult with this kind of head. It’s not good for getting through Room 2.”

Ning Zhuo turned his big head and used his singular arm to drag his body all around.

He patiently looked through the legs before choosing two of the same length.

His previous experience had taught him that spending time on this now would be worth it.

Moreover, he also decided to pick longer arms if possible.

“I need longer limbs. I also have to find a smaller head.”

But his hopes were dashed.

When he picked out a small head and tried to replace his current one, he received a message – the initial puppet body was granted according to a cultivator’s innate talents, and couldn’t be freely replaced in Room 1.

“There’s this kind of restriction?”

Ning Zhuo was stunned for a moment, then fell into deep thought.

“If the puppets depend on innate talents, then that means that when Meng Chong and the others come to this room, their puppet bodies are much stronger than mine.

“It also means that although the mechanical components here look similar, their performance actually varies a lot.”

Ning Zhuo immediately thought about himself.

“I used the Early Wisdom Pill in the womb, so I have the Early Wisdom innate talent.

“That must be the source of this big head, and also the reason I can’t replace it with a smaller one.

“My Early Wisdom innate talent gave me this big head. That should mean that this big head has some sort of advantage that I just haven’t figured out yet.

“Moreover…”

New thoughts appeared in Ning Zhuo’s mind.

The first mechanical component he had attracted wasn’t the big head, but the arm!

“Both times I came here, the arm component took precedence over the head component.

“Does this mean that I actually have a talent I don’t know about? A talent related to the arm that’s better than my Early Wisdom innate talent?”

Ning Zhuo was observant and quick-witted, allowing him to swiftly pick out this strange detail.

Indeed, this was a possibility.

Cultivation talents were mysterious and varied, and there were really just too many. Although the Ning Clan put a lot of effort into detecting talents, it could only detect common ones. Many special innate talents couldn’t be uncovered by conventional means.

Perhaps Ning Zhuo’s arm was hiding one of these undetectable talents.

Ning Zhuo continued ruminating over the message from just now.

“The message said that this is the ‘initial puppet body’, and that its parts can’t be ‘freely’ replaced in ‘Room 1’.

“Does that mean that it’s possible to modify the body? And in a certain room, I can even do so freely?”

In just a few breaths of time, Ning Zhuo analyzed this seemingly ordinary message and discovered several hidden implications.

Despite the message’s reminder, Ning Zhuo still thought about getting lucky and tried to attach a wing component.

If he could attach wings to himself, passing Room 2 would become much easier.

But sure enough… he failed.

“So, these wings, horns, claws, and other components are all for nonhuman existences.

“Will there be nonhumans coming to compete for the Lava Immortal Palace in the future?”

Ning Zhuo climbed down from the pile of mechanical components.

During this process, he made a very important discovery.

Soon, he found all kinds of traces left by his first exploration.

“In other words, this room is the exact same Room 1 that I came to the first time.”

This discovery was very important!

“This room isn’t for me alone. In fact, the presence of so many varied mechanical components also points to this conclusion.

“It seems that traces of my actions during the previous exploration have been preserved. In that case… as I explore the immortal palace, will I encounter other people?”

Ning Zhuo walked over to the first door. After thinking for a moment, he reached out and touched it.

The message arrived, with the same three options as before.

First, a spirit stone.

Second, a hanging ring mechanical component.

Third, the spell “One Gust of Air”.

Ning Zhuo had planned in advance, and chose the hanging ring without hesitation.

Right now, he still had 70% of his spirit power remaining, far more than in his first exploration. And there would also be spirit stones among the rewards for passing Room 2.

In the long run, choosing the spell would provide the most benefits. But right now, what Ning Zhuo needed most was immediate power. Choosing the hanging ring would allow him to go further in this exploration.

“In the early stages, information is the most important thing.

“I have to go as far as possible. This will allow me to collect more information, and only with enough information will I be able to make the right decisions.

“Sigh, I don’t know which level Meng Chong and the others have reached by now.

“I hope I can find their trails soon.”

The circle of light appeared again, spitting out a wooden ring before slowly fading away.

Ning Zhuo took the wooden ring and observed it carefully.

This wooden ring was about half a chi[^1] wide and rather thick, and it was inlaid with eighteen diamond-shaped crystals.

These crystals all glimmered with indigo light. If Ning Zhuo changed his observation angle, the indigo glimmer would also change. It was quite attention-grabbing.

“Is this the hanging ring? How do I use it?

“It doesn’t come with an explanation?”

Ning Zhuo didn’t obtain any information pertaining to the hanging ring.

He immediately understood that the mechanical component reward tested a cultivator’s proficiency in mechanical arts.

He needed to figure out the correct way to use it by himself.

Thinking to this point, Ning Zhuo subconsciously placed the hanging ring against his forehead.

Nothing happened.

Ning Zhuo laughed awkwardly in his heart: “I forgot, I don’t have divine intent right now.”

Divine intent originated from the divine sea, and the divine sea was a cultivator’s upper dantian.

In this world, cultivators had three dantians: the upper dantian, or the divine sea; the middle dantian, or the qi sea; and the lower dantian, or the essence sea.

The upper dantian was between the eyebrows. It was the mystical gate of spiritual wisdom, the source of the sea of consciousness, and the formlessness where thoughts condense.

The middle dantian was in the chest. It was the seat of magical power where qi gathered like clouds, a hidden edge that accumulated constantly.

The lower dantian was in the abdomen. It was where blood converged and essence brewed, and the root of life and vitality.

Ning Zhuo’s current puppet body was made of wood, completely without the three dantians. Even the “magical power” he used was really just “spirit power” drawn out from a spirit stone.

Ning Zhuo held the hanging ring in his hand and tried infusing it with spirit power.

Soon, the indigo crystals lining the hanging ring all lit up one by one.

Notes:

[^1]: One chi is roughly one foot, or 0.333 meters.

