Chapter 3: Will

Gentle spiritual light filled the underground workshop.

Sitting at the workbench, Ning Zhuo checked the storage bags in his hand again. These bag were his loot from the black market battle with the Huang Family Ghost Trio.

After making sure that it was safe, Ning Zhuo began cracking the micro-formation on the first storage bag. By imitating the original owner’s aura and divine sense, he could fool the storage bags into opening.

The first bag contained a small sum of spirit stones, a Verdant Blade Mantis spirit pet, and some materials used for ghost cultivation, including darkness essence, soul extract, and netherworld flowers.

The second bag contained several hundreds of spirit stones, some more ghost cultivation materials, a ball of yin wind, and a jade slip for a ghost cultivation method called the “Yin Bone Art”, which allowed a person to modify their bone structure.

The third bag belonged to the leader of the Huang Family Ghost Trio. This storage bag had two layers of protective formations, vastly increasing the time and effort required to crack it.

“Interesting.” Ning Zhuo’s eyes sparkled.

The harder and more difficult it was, the hotter his fighting spirit burned.

He devoted himself to the task, enjoying the process of solving the formations. After nearly half an hour, he finally cracked the seal on the storage bag.

As soon as he opened it, the head of a little ghost pounced toward Ning Zhuo’s face. Ning Zhuo snorted, having secretly made preparations already. At the critical moment, the Buddha Heart Demon Seal in his sea of consciousness flickered and sealed the little ghost’s movement. Then, the defensive formation on the workbench activated, and the little ghost was instantly blasted to nothingness.

This little ghost seemed to be the trio leader’s final act of defiance. With its defeat, the storage bag was laid completely bare to Ning Zhuo.

There were more than a thousand spirit stones in the storage bag, as well as two ghost cultivation jade slips. One of the jade slips described a cultivation technique called the “Netherworld Heart Sutra”, and the other was a spell jade slip entitled “Detailed Explanation of the Soul Guiding Art”. There were also many cultivation materials, and they weren’t just limited to things used for ghost cultivation.

“Fire essence?!” Ning Zhuo’s pupils contracted slightly as he noticed ten jin of fire essence. A joyful expression suddenly appeared on his face.

Holding back his excitement, Ning Zhuo made another grab at the drawer full of Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes. Circulating his magical power, he burned away the wrappers on the cakes. The ashes that flew out seemed to call to mind the ashes of a corpse incinerated in a furnace.

Ning Zhuo stuffed all the cakes in his hand into his mouth, chewing loudly.

Illuminated by the spiritual light, his rosy lips moved up and down, occasionally exposing his bright white teeth. The Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes were crushed between his teeth, their liquid filling spilled out and mixed together in his mouth. They were like the many cultivators who had fallen in his hands, wailing in despair as their flesh and blood were ground up to fuel Ning Zhuo’s growth.

The world of cultivation was cruel. Without his black market business selling As-You-Wish Cables and the contributions of these demonic cultivators, how could Ning Zhuo afford to eat so many Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes?

Still munching on the cakes, Ning Zhuo happily tallied up the proceeds from yesterday’s black market visit.

Selling Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables had netted him 24,000 spirit stones, the bulk of which were contributed by his uncle Ning Ze purchasing 80 cables on behalf of the Ning Clan.

Compared to this, the spirit stones from the Huang Family Ghost Trio were but a pittance.

“My Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables are the best ropes on the market when it comes to exploring caves and other rough terrain. That’s why they’ve always been a steady source of business.

“They bought so many. It seems like the Ning Clan is getting ready to do something big?

“Sigh, this world of cultivation is really ruthless! There are always people out there with evil intentions who are ready to bully ordinary kids like me.

“Since those three ghost cultivators have to resort to robbing people, it’s only to be expected that they’re so poor. But this ten jin of fire essence is really an unexpected surprise.

“Now I’ve accumulated a total of one thousand jin of fire essence. It’s enough!”

Ning Zhuo had been secretly accumulating fire essence for several years. For safety’s sake, he would only purchase a small amount from the market every time, building up his reserves little by little. Going by his previous speed, this last ten jin of fire essence would take more than a month.

But now, this sudden windfall of fire essence directly filled his final deficit.

After tallying up his profits, Ning Zhuo also calculated his losses from the previous night’s battle.

He took out a silver-gray token from his arms. The front of the token read “Iron” and the back read “Gray”.

Ning Zhuo tossed it lightly, and the token stretched and expanded, emitting dazzling light all the while. When the light faded, the mechanical armor called the Iron Will Gray Armor was floating quietly in the air.

Ning Zhuo opened a compartment in the spine of the mechanical armor, revealing an embedded Foundation Establishment Pill.

“There’s only 30% of the Foundation Establishment Pill left.”

This pill was extremely important. It was because of this pill that the Iron Will Gray Armor could display the battle prowess of Foundation Establishment despite Ning Zhuo’s own cultivation in the Qi Refining stage.

“Once the Foundation Establishment Pill is fully used up, the Iron Will Gray Armor will become unusable.

“Sigh, finding Foundation Establishment Pills is too difficult.” A slight frown appeared on Ning Zhuo’s face.

This was his biggest loss during the battle yesterday.

The armor also had a new scar; the puncture mark left by the trio leader’s final blow. There was nothing Ning Zhuo could do about this.

Looking closely, it was possible to see that the surface of this mechanical armor was actually scarred all over.

Some were very old, while others had been added during battles when Ning Zhuo donned the armor to fight.

“Mom…” Touching the old scars, Ning Zhuo’s eyes grew melancholy.

Fourteen years ago, when he was only two years old, his mother had given him many instructions before dying.

He learned that inside Fire Persimmon Mountain, there was a mechanical immortal city called the Lava Immortal Palace. The palace spirit had secretly selected some cultivators to inherit the immortal city, and Ning Zhuo’s mother, in the Foundation Establishment stage, was one of them.

The immortal city was full of extremely difficult tests. Because of her outstanding strength, Ning Zhuo’s mother was jointly targeted by the other inheritors and eventually suffered an irreversible injury.

Scenes of that day fourteen years ago floated into Ning Zhuo’s mind…

“The immortal city is continuously weakening, and the selection standard is being lowered in turn. Zhuo’er, by the time you turn fourteen years old, the selection standard of the mechanical immortal city will have dropped to the Qi Refining stage. This will be your great opportunity!

“Zhuo’er, you must study mechanical arts well and avoid letting others know your skills. You must design your mechanical constructs on your own, assemble them on your own, and operate them on your own. These are the contents of the tests in the mechanical immortal city.

“If you are among the top few candidates, you will be recognized as a mechanical arts talent and cultivated by the mechanical city. This is especially important for you; without a strong background, the cultivation resources of the mechanical immortal city will become even more essential.

“Absolutely do not use the Ning Clan’s cultivation techniques to reach the Foundation Establishment stage! I was a mechanical arts talent as well, but as a Foundation Establishment cultivator, my dantian is already fixed, making it impossible to change my cultivation technique. Many tests in the Lava Immortal Palace were twice as difficult because I didn’t practice the cultivation technique left by Three Schools Supreme Sage, and I was eventually unable to keep going.”

At this point, Ning Zhuo’s mother broke out into a coughing fit, and the two-year-old Ning Zhuo cried out in panic: “Mom, stop talking! You’re coughing up blood!”

Ning Zhuo’s mother reached out and stroked the little Ning Zhuo’s head, her eyes full of reluctance and worry: “Zhuo’er, I’m sorry that I can’t protect you. You’ve lost both your father and mother… In the future, you will be all alone and can only rely on yourself.

“Don’t be too loyal to the clan. This was your father’s mistake!

“Before your father died, he asked the junior patriarch Ning Xiaoren to take care of you. But that person is two-faced and can’t be relied on.

“As for your uncle and aunt, one is too proud while the other is too stingy. Neither are good people. Remember to be wary of them.

“Sometimes, the family and friends around you can be more dangerous than your enemies!

“Don’t act too smart. With me and your father gone, you won’t have any real backing. You have to conceal yourself well. Don’t act too dumb, either; stay mediocre. Make sure to grow up normally, silently accumulating your strength without drawing any attention to your self.

“I’ve seen too many geniuses die young…

“I will leave my Iron Will Gray Armor for you to protect yourself. It has the power of the Foundation Establishment stage.

“And this magical treasure – the Buddha Heart Demon Seal! This is what I obtained by chance from the Lava Immortal Palace. You must not expose it.”

When Ning Zhuo’s mother spoke to this point, her voice was already at its limit.

Tears flowed ceaselessly down her face as she stared at the two-year-old Ning Zhuo. She wanted to look at him and never stop, but her sight gradually grew dim.

As her life neared its end, she said hesitantly: “I don’t know if it’s right to tell you all this.

“Zhuo’er, take good care of yourself. If it really can’t be done, just give up on the Lava Immortal Palace.

“Living is the most important. I hope that you live, and live well!

“I will be happy as long as you’re alive.”

The two-year-old Ning Zhuo tightly grasped his mother’s bloodied clothes: “Mom, mom, don’t keep talking. I don’t want you to die, you can’t die, waah…”

Taking her final breath, Ning Zhuo’s mother said: “Zhuo’er, don’t be afraid… Mother is here, I will watch over you from the netherworld…”

The next moment, her heart stopped beating, and her hand slowly slid down from Ning Zhuo’s head.

The two-year-old Ning Zhuo’s body trembled as if he had been electrocuted. He suddenly raised his head… back in the present, as a sixteen-year-old.

The tears on his formerly childish face were now replaced by the resolute expression of a mature teenager.

Shouldering the will and expectations of his mother before her death, he had grown up.

"Mom, the situation has changed!

"The city lord, the Zhou Clan[^1], and the Zheng Clan[^2] have joined forces. They’re putting more effort into cleaning up the Scarlet Flame Monster[^3] Volcanic Cavern, which has greatly reduced the damage to the Lava Immortal Palace. Since the immortal palace’s situation is still fine, the palace spirit has yet to lower the selection standard.

“The Ning Clan also discovered the Lava Immortal Palace this year. If I wait for them to join in the defense as well, then just how long will I have to wait for the standards to be lowered?

“It might not happen in my entire life!

“The few major forces of Fire Persimmon Immortal City are doing everything they can to cover up the Lava Immortal Palace and swallow this opportunity by themselves. How could they allow me to get a slice of the pie?

“That’s why I have to take matters into my own hands!

“Now, I’ve finally accumulated enough fire essence to bomb the immortal palace, damaging it to the point that it will lower its selection standard.

“The only thing left is the explosive fire monkey!”

Notes:

[^1] Zhou Clan – 周家 – Zhou is a surname that can mean “circle”. It’s also the name of several historical dynasties.

[^2] Zheng Clan – 鄭家 – Zheng is a surname that originates from a state in the Zhou Dynasty (same Zhou as the above).

[^3] Scarlet Flame Monster – 赤焰妖 – You may have seen this translated as “Scarlet Flame Demon” or something similar. In xianxia, there are both 妖 (yao) and 魔 (mo) which are often translated as “demon”, but they’re different things. It seems like in this novel, 魔 is more of a way of life (i.e. demonic path, Demon Venerable) while 妖 are like upgraded versions of beasts.

