Chapter 30: A Ranking With Only One Person

Ning Zhuo put more strength into it.

Whoosh.

One of the indigo diamonds suddenly shot out and struck the copper wall.

There was a thin thread connecting the diamond and the ring. Ning Zhuo fiddled with it and found that although it was extremely thin, it was also incredibly tough.

He then walked over to the wall and carefully observed the diamond that had shot out.

He expected the diamond to have pierced the wall like a nail. But in the end, he found that it had actually fused into the wall itself.

The part that was touching the wall had turned completely into copper, with the previous indigo glow now found only in the spot where it connected to the thin thread.

It was as if it had been part of the wall from the very beginning. There was just a tiny bump sticking out where the thread connecting it to the hanging ring was attached.

“Incredible! How did it do that?”

“Was it talisman runes? A micro-formation? Or is the material of the diamond itself special?”

Ning Zhuo’s researcher’s heart was touched. He wished he could disassemble the hanging ring on the spot and study it for three days and three nights.

“What a pity, it’s not the time for that!”

Ning Zhuo knew that exploration was his top priority for now.

Holding the hanging ring, he looked down at his body, but couldn’t find a suitable place to put it.

His puppet body’s hands and feet were skinnier than the ring, and his arms and legs were the same.

Ning Zhuo didn’t intend to hold the hanging ring directly in his hand. When going through Room 2, he needed to keep both hands free; it would be very inconvenient if one hand was occupied.

But this problem wasn’t a difficult one. Before long, Ning Zhuo thought of a solution.

First, he pulled off his head. Then, he put the hanging ring on top of his neck, and finally attached his head again.

Like this, his big head tightly locked the hanging ring in place.

After installing the hanging ring, Ning Zhuo pushed the door open and officially entered Room 2.

The door swung shut behind him with a heavy thud. Ning Zhuo pushed it, but it didn’t move.

Looking at the familiar hallway, Ning Zhuo didn’t rush to run through. Instead, he practiced with the hanging ring for a while.

After reaching a certain level of proficiency, he started his attempts.

Bang, bang, bang…

Ning Zhuo was sent back to the start repeatedly. Unlike last time, his mentality was very stable.

A while later…

Ning Zhuo sprinted to the middle of the hallway.

Two giant logs swung toward him one after another. Ning Zhuo had just jumped into the air, leaving him unable to avoid them.

But it didn’t matter.

"I have a hanging ring!" Ning Zhuo thought to himself.

The wooden ring stuck under his big head suddenly shot out a diamond, which embedded itself in the ceiling with a crisp noise.

The thread connecting the ring to the diamond was very tough, causing Ning Zhuo’s neck to tilt as he was suspended in the air. The giant logs passed harmlessly below him.

Another giant log fell from the ceiling toward him.

Ning Zhuo stopped the infusion of magical power, and the thread instantly snapped, breaking the connection between the wooden ring and the diamond.

He dropped down to dodge then shot out another diamond into the giant log that passed above his head.

When the log retracted, it brought him away with it.

Just like that, with Ning Zhuo’s head tilting from time to time like a man at the gallows, he successfully passed Room 2 and arrived at the second door.

“No wonder it’s called the hanging ring. It’s a well-chosen name, perfectly fitting and to the point[^1].” Ning Zhuo sighed internally, stretching out his hands and straightening his head.

Thanks to the hanging ring, Room 2 had become much easier.

Right now, Ning Zhuo was still in good shape. He only had a slightly cracked left leg and a single broken finger on his right hand.

This was completely different from his miserable state during his first exploration.

“What if I had chosen the hanging ring last time?”

Ning Zhuo thought about it and slightly shook his head. “It wouldn’t have worked.”

Using the hanging ring required consuming spirit power.

Had he chosen the hanging ring in his first exploration, Ning Zhuo’s spirit power would have been quickly exhausted, leaving him unable to move.

Ning Zhuo touched the second door. The message listing the rewards appeared in his mind: Two spirit stones, a mechanical component called the glass throwing knife, and a spell called the Fiery Grasp Art.

Last time, Ning Zhuo’s soul was already at its limit, so he hadn’t had the chance to look carefully and hastily picked the spell.

Now, he was in good condition and could calmly choose.

“The number of rewarded spirit stones has increased to two.

“The glass throwing knife should be an offensive mechanical component.

“The Fiery Grasp Art… seems to be similar to the Icy Embrace Art.”

Right now, Ning Zhuo’s spirit stone only had 30% of its power left. He had no choice but to pick the first reward of two spirit stones.

After looking back at Room 2, he pushed the door open and entered Room 3.

A message came – defeat the kung fu puppet, pass through Room 3, and enter the maintenance room.

“Not Room 4?” Ning Zhuo grew thoughtful.

Room 3 was circular, and the edges were dark with the brightest light illuminating the center.

“It’s like an arena.” Ning Zhuo immediately saw a tall and thin wooden puppet standing in the center of the room.

The puppet was yellow, with black lines on its skin. Inscribed on its chest were two words: Kung Fu!

Sensing Ning Zhuo, the puppet’s eyes suddenly lit up with yellow light. It stretched out its thumb and rubbed its wooden nose, then slowly bent down and made a halfway bow. Then, it stretched one hand out in front of it and placed the other hand behind its back, taking a stance.

It beckoned with its palm, as if telling Ning Zhuo to attack.

“Interesting.” Ning Zhuo smiled. “I did learn some kung fu in the academy.”

He had just obtained two spirit stones, so he wasn’t afraid of running out of power. Moreover, he was determined to gather more information, so he immediately stepped forward and started fighting.

A dozen breaths of time later, Ning Zhuo’s puppet body was almost broken into pieces.

“I can’t beat this thing. There’s too big of a gap!”

Ning Zhuo suddenly hugged his opponent’s waist.

The enemy puppet immediately struggled, striking Ning Zhuo’s back and head with its fists and elbows.

Banging sounds rained down like a storm.

Ning Zhuo frantically urged his spirit power and unleashed his trump card.

Spell —— Icy Embrace Art!

Crack…

Faint cracking sounds echoed out, and the enemy puppet’s body was gradually covered in ice, sealing its movement.

“I wouldn’t be able to pass this level if not for the Icy Embrace Art.” Ning Zhuo tried to destroy the kung fu puppet, but received a warning and was forced to stop.

Squatting down, he launched a series of fist strikes on the puppet’s head.

The layer of ice was broken, revealing the still-shining yellow eyes on the puppet’s head.

Ning Zhuo tried removing the eyes, but got the same message – destruction of the kung fu puppet was not allowed!

The rewards from reaching the third door still numbered three.

Ten spirit stones, a mechanical component called the little flying box, and a spell called the Wood Grafting Art.

In the previous battle, Ning Zhuo had used up a lot of spirit power to trigger the Icy Embrace Art. Thus, to be safe, he chose the ten spirit stones.

He pushed the door open and entered the maintenance room.

The so-called maintenance room was very spacious, much larger than the first three rooms. In the very center of the room was a five-sided stone pillar.

On one side of the stone pillar, there were the following words:

Qi Refining List.

First Place: Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo was speechless.

The stone pillar rotated with a click, revealing another side:

Test Progress List.

First Place: Ning Zhuo.

There was no one below him. He was the only one on the list.

Ning Zhuo tilted his head in confusion.

After a few breaths of time, Ning Zhuo seemed to be struck by lightning. His body and mind trembled violently as he realized the full severity of this issue.

"Oh no!

“I… I’m going to be exposed!”

Notes:

[^1]: The “hanging” in “hanging ring” refers to that kind of hanging. You know, the execution method.

