Chapter 31: I Don't Want to Be on the Ranking!

Lava Immortal Palace.

In the preparation room, Ning Zhuo ran over to the five-sided stone pillar.

He found that there was a ranking list on each side of the stone pillar. There was the Qi Refining List, the Essence Refining List, the Spirit Refining List[^1], the Trial Progress List, and the Level Speedrun List.

His name was on the Checkpoint Speedrun List as well, and he was still the only name there.

Ning Zhuo didn’t care about the hidden meaning of these rankings, nor did he care why he was the only one there. All he wanted to know was how to get rid of his name!

“Even the four major forces can’t protect their Qi Refining geniuses. If I’m exposed, I can’t even imagine the consequences.

“Three Schools Supreme Sage must have set up these ranking to spur competition. But a little person like me can’t bear it.”

Ning Zhuo circled the five-sided stone pillar. As the pillar turned, so too did he.

His name wasn’t carved into the pillar, but rather formed by slight protrusions.

“Can I grind it off?”

Ning Zhuo jumped up, but couldn’t reach his name. As the first and only name on the rankings, his name was naturally at the highest point.

Hanging ring!

Clink.

The indigo diamond fused into the ceiling.

The wooden ring below his big head whirred, retracting the thin thread and yanking Ning Zhuo’s puppet body upward.

Head tilted, Ning Zhuo gradually rose into the air until his name was at eye level.

He reached out and tried to grind off his name, but not a single stone chip flaked off.

The stone pillar was incredibly solid!

Ning Zhuo considered his current methods. His only offensive spell was the Icy Embrace Art, which definitely wouldn’t work; trying it out would only be a waste of time and spirit power.

“I have to find a solution!”

Concluding that he would need external aid, Ning Zhuo swung his body and looked around while hanging from the ceiling.

At this moment, he finally examined this unique room.

According to the message, this was the maintenance room, different from Rooms 1, 2, and 3.

Looking at the room now, Ning Zhuo found this information to be true.

The maintenance room was shaped like a square. Its walls and ceiling were still made of copper, but this copper was a bluish color.

Light seemed to come from nowhere, filling the room with a faint blue glow.

The five-sided stone pillar was in the center of the maintenance room, and there were five or six mechanism pedestals located next to a wall. Hanging on a different wall were numerous mechanical components, and there were also several workbenches with a full array of mechanical tools.

Seeing these facilities, hope rekindled in Ning Zhuo’s heart.

“Maybe I can use these tools to get rid of my name.”

Ning Zhuo manipulated the hanging ring to extend the thread again and fell back to the ground. Then, he walked over to a wall and grabbed a torch.

As soon as he touched the torch, a message sounded in his mind.

There was a fee for using the torch!

The exact cost would depend on how long he used it.

Ning Zhuo was stunned for a moment, and suddenly realized, “No wonder the spirit stone reward increased from room to room!

“In the Lava Immortal Palace, these spirit stones aren’t just sources of spirit power, but also currency.”

Ning Zhuo mentally consented to paying and successfully took the torch.

This torch was a welding torch, a commonly-used tool for creating mechanisms.

Holding the welding torch, Ning Zhuo sprinted back to the center of the maintenance room. As he kicked the ground hard to make a leap, the wooden ring around his neck rotated and quickly retracted the thin thread.

Ning Zhuo’s head tilted as he hanged himself once more.

Suspended in the air, he used the inertia of his leap to return to the spot where his name was written.

Then, he reached out the hand holding the torch and infused his spirit power.

The torch immediately ignited, with a flame the reddish color of a duck egg’s yolk appearing from its tip.

Ning Zhuo increased his output, and the flame ballooned in size. At the very tip, there was a bright bluish-purple glow.

Ning Zhuo aimed the tip of the flame at his name, putting all his strength into burning it.

But even after a long time passed, his name showed no traces of burning. It was still just as eye-catching as before.

Gritting his teeth, Ning Zhuo had to give up.

The hanging ring spun again, lengthening the wire and letting Ning Zhuo down.

On his next attempt, the torch in his hand had disappeared, now replaced by a file.

This was the Grinding Tooth Demonic Sound File.

This thing’s main material was a beast’s canine teeth. When infused with spirit power, it would generate a harsh sound wave. The sound wave’s magnitude and range could be adjusted freely, and was used by many people for grinding objects.

Not just the outside, but even the inside could be ground up smoothly due to the penetration ability of sound.

Ning Zhuo tried using the Grinding Tooth Demonic Sound File to attack his name.

…

Meanwhile, in the main hall of the Lava Immortal Palace.

Lying on the throne, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit yawned in boredom.

During the previous exploration, Ning Zhuo had given it a lot of amusement. That’s why, when it noticed that Ning Zhuo’s soul was pretty much recovered, it eagerly drew him back into the palace.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit wanted to have fun watching Ning Zhuo again.

And so, Ning Zhuo came to explore the immortal palace for the second time. His bizarre hanging appearance in Room Two and the way he got the crap beaten out of him by the kung fu puppet made the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit very happy.

But now, Ning Zhuo refused to move on and was trying everything to scrape his name away. The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit felt that this was very boring.

It directly sent a message – the ranking stone pillar was indestructible!

Ning Zhuo paused slightly when he received this message.

Under normal circumstances, he might have stopped here.

But the matter regarding his name was too important. Ning Zhuo absolutely couldn’t give up.

Gritting his teeth, he continued using the demonic sound file to grind away at his name.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit snorted in annoyance, giving rise to a puff of flame.

Then, it directly activated the Life-Hanging Thread divine ability.

Ning Zhuo was instantly immobilized.

One breath of time later, his mobility was restored, but he knew he had to cease his actions.

He looked back at his name on the pillar. The two words, “Ning Zhuo”, were still so attention-grabbing.

“What do I do?” A feeling of despair gradually filled Ning Zhuo’s heart.

"No, I can't just give up like this."

This time, when Ning Zhuo landed on the ground, he no longer went to take the mechanical tools. Instead, he set his sights on the pedestals.

These pedestals came in various shapes. Ning Zhuo walked past the Motion Equilibrium Frame and the Formation Engraving Platform, jumped over the Spirit Power Compression Frame and the White Tiger Knife Sharpening Wheel, and finally arrived at the Thousand Jun[^2] Heavy Hammer Platform.

“The Lava Immortal Palace can instantly take control of my body.

“I’ll set up a simple mechanism here. As long as I activate it, the hammer will automatically strike the stone pillar!”

Ning Zhuo’s large head immediately thought of a method.

He began his work, first selecting mechanical components and then dragging out the Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform. A catapult gradually took shape.

Notes:

[^1] Essence Refining and Spirit Refining – along with 气 (qi, “energy”), 精 (jing, “essence”) and 神 (shen, “spirit”) are the “three treasures” of the human body according to Traditional Chinese Medicine. Although I call 神“spirit” in this context, please be aware that it has nothing at all to do with spirit stones (灵石) or spirit energy (灵气). Instead, you should really associate it more with the word “divine”, e.g. divine sense (神识) or divine sea (神海). This is because 神 actually also means “god”. There is probably some academic paper somewhere on why 神 refers to both the soul/spirit and the divine, but for the purposes of this novel just remember that “spirit” in the specific context of the three treasures does not have anything to do with “spirit” in most other contexts.

[^2] One jun is equivalent to thirty catties, or fifteen kilograms, or about 33 pounds.

