Chapter 32: Exposed?

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit gradually figured out what Ning Zhuo was doing.

It disdainfully let out a puff of reddish-brown smoke, certain that the boy’s actions would be completely useless.

However, just as it lifted its clawtips to stop him, it gave up on that idea. Suddenly, it felt that sitting back and watching the show would be quite interesting.

It was like playing with a little ant, moving its hand to block the ant’s way. When the little ant saw that there was no way forward and was forced to change paths, it would move its hand again and keep blocking the way, forcing the little ant to continuously change paths.

Wasn’t this fun?

Ning Zhuo, unaware that he had become a little ant in someone else’s eyes, felt immense amounts of pressure.

“I must succeed. I must destroy my name!”

Ning Zhuo knew very well how serious this matter was.

Success or failure here would decide his own life and death!

Even if he didn’t die, as long as he failed, he would face an absolutely miserable end.

Could he confess everything and join forces with the Ning Clan?

Not once had Ning Zhuo considered doing this.

According to the Ning Clan’s usual behavior, if he took the initiative to confess, they would most likely support him on the surface but suppress him in secret.

And that support would only be to better use him as a tool.

His life would become extremely restrictive, and all his gains from the immortal palace would be confiscated by the clan.

Freedom? There was no need to even think about it!

“Then, should I join the other three forces?”

Ning Zhuo shook his head internally.

Now wasn’t a good time to join them. Meng Chong, Zhou Zhu, and the others had all faced assassinations. Yet Ning Zhuo, an outsider, had already achieved results in the immortal palace? He would definitely be targeted heavily by the other major forces.

A small fry like himself couldn’t bear this sort of attention.

“My biggest advantage is that I’ve always been hiding my true ability. But now, this ranking stone pillar has exposed me, destroying more than ten years of concealment in the blink of an eye.

“I can’t accept this!”

Under the heavy pressure and burning emotions, Ning Zhuo quickly assembled a simple catapult.

He took aim, calculated the distance, and cut the restraining rope.

In an instant, the Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform in the catapult basket was flung forward.

Boom.

With a dull thud, the platform struck the stone pillar violently, landing precisely at the location of Ning Zhuo’s name.

Then, another loud boom sounded out.

The Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform had fallen onto the floor, smashing all the nearby floor tiles.

Unfortunately, on the ranking stone pillar, Ning Zhuo’s name was still completely undamaged. It was still as eye-catching as ever!

Seeing this scene, Ning Zhuo’s heart sank.

He clenched his fists and stared at his name.

He hadn’t expected that on his second entry into the Lava Immortal Palace, there would be such a life-and-death situation!

If Ning Zhuo’s current body wasn’t a puppet, he would surely have been sweating profusely.

All kinds of negative emotions arose, swirling around in his heart.

Ning Zhuo couldn’t help but think of his mother’s final words before her death.

“My mother asked me to stay safe, saying that if it endangered my life, I should just give up on the immortal palace.

“Life is the most important thing!

“Maybe I shouldn’t have been so greedy to explore the Lava Immortal Palace.”

Ning Zhuo suddenly shook his head rapidly, his eyes flashing with cold light.

“Ha, what’s going on with me now?

“If I had another chance, I would still choose to do the same thing!

“With an opportunity like this in front of me, how could I not fight for it? Rather than living such a cowardly life, it’d be better to just die!

“Calm down!

“Even if the worst happens and I’m really exposed, I’ll accept it.

"Because this is my own choice!"

Ning Zhuo quickly adjusted his mood and regained his composure.

After calming down, he soon thought of other ideas.

“I can’t damage the ranking stone pillar, but maybe the Lava Immortal Palace itself has a way to change or disguise the listed name?

“There are still many places in this maintenance room that I haven’t explored yet.”

Ning Zhuo began an in-depth examination of his surroundings.

He quickly browsed through the workbenches, mechanical tools, and various mechanism pedestals. Some were familiar, but there were many he had no knowledge of.

He went over and touched the door at the room’s exit, but no message sounded in his mind.

“Looks like the maintenance room doesn’t offer any rewards.”

Finally, he turned his gaze back to the five-sided stone pillar in the center of the room.

Just now, he had tried touching the stone pillar to erase his name – to no reaction.

But after thinking about it again, Ning Zhuo felt that the stone pillar wasn’t so simple.

He tried infusing spirit power into the stone pillar. The next moment, a thin beam of light shot out of the stone pillar and hit Ning Zhuo’s chest.

The beam of light turned into an imprint, and after a few breaths, the imprint disappeared.

“‘Trial disciple’?” Ning Zhuo had seen the imprint clearly and felt it somewhat familiar.

Suddenly, he realized that the imprint was written in the same script as the writing on the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

“This isn’t surprising. The Buddha Heart Demon Seal is something that my mother got from the Lava Immortal Palace in the first place.”

The imprint from the Lava Immortal Palace hadn’t vanished, but merely disappeared from view.

Soon, a follow-up message sounded in Ning Zhuo’s mind.

“So that’s how it is! Those listed on the ranking will receive weekly rewards, and the rewards are tied to their specific rank. The higher they rank, the better the rewards.

“Weekly rewards… When does the week start?

“It also doesn’t mention what exactly the rewards will be.”

Leaning on the stone pillar, Ning Zhuo looked up at his name and sighed internally.

“But that isn’t the problem here. If it meant getting rid of my name, I would gladly give up those rewards.”

For Ning Zhuo, the ranking rewards were just icing on the cake. But leaving his name exposed would be a true disaster!

“I have to get off the ranking!

“How can I do that?

“I don’t want my name here.”

Ning Zhuo’s thoughts whirled, but he couldn’t come up with any good ideas.

But as he was racking his brain and spurring his thoughts, he gradually felt a very vague, yet rather familiar sensation.

“This feeling…

“It’s the Buddha Heart Demon Seal?!”

Ning Zhuo was instantly like a drowning man grabbing onto a life-saving rope. Whether it turned out useful or not, this was currently his only hope.

He immediately focused, abandoning all distracting thoughts and concentrating solely on the sensation coming from the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

…

Meanwhile, in Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

Ning Zhuo’s body lay on the bed, as if in a deep sleep.

But in the divine sea in his upper dantian, a majestic treasure seal was gradually lighting up.

It became more and more radiant, and the light emanating from the seal gradually left his body, moving along the Life-Hanging Thread and arriving at Ning Zhuo’s soul.

Ning Zhuo’s soul was in the puppet body, and the puppet body was leaning against the five-sided stone pillar.

And so, the five-sided stone pillar was now within the Buddha Heart Demon Seal’s range of influence.

Ning Zhuo: “It worked, it really worked!!”

Ning Zhuo exerted his will, and his name finally began sinking back into the stone pillar.

All this time, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit had been watching Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo had failed repeatedly to erase his name, then fell into deep thought. This whole process was greatly entertaining to the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit.

Lying lazily on the throne, its gaze pierced space as it observed with amusement.

But at that moment, its movements stilled, and dazzling red light shot out of its eyes.

It sensed the Buddha Heart Demon Seal!

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was extremely agitated. It suddenly stood up and launched itself into the air.

Roar!

It opened its mouth and let out a terrifying roar that seemed incompatible with its small and exquisite body. The whole of Lava Immortal Palace radiated blinding light once again!

At the peak of Fire Persimmon Mountain, a huge pillar of light shot into to the sky, hundreds and thousands of individual beams rushing up to the heavens.

The immortal palace trembled, the lava below churned violently, and thick smoke roiled ceaselessly.

Fire Persimmon City’s City Lord had been guarding the palace and immediately noticed the abnormality. He hurriedly took action to prevent Fire Persimmon Mountain from erupting again.

"What happened?!" He was full of doubts.

