Chapter 33: Soul Returns

The entire Lava Immortal Palace was shaking violently!

Ning Zhuo’s palm were placed on the five-sided stone pillar, and his soul power was being consumed at a terrifying rate.

Right now, his soul was outside his body.

His body was still in Fire Persimmon Immortal City, but his soul was inside the Lava Immortal Palace. His body and soul were connected only by the Life-Hanging Thread divine ability.

Ning Zhuo was a mere Qi Refining stage cultivator, but the Buddha Heart Demon Seal was a magic treasure. It was difficult for him to activate the treasure seal even in the best of circumstances.

And now, his body and soul were separated, and he had to guide the seal’s power through the Life-Hanging Thread. Using the Buddha Heart Demon Seal like this was more than ten times harder than usual!

Ning Zhuo’s spirit power and soul power both plummeted precipitously.

He looked up at the stone pillar and was pleasantly surprised.

That was because he saw that his name was slowly sinking. At this rate, once his name sank to the point of being level with the pillar’s surface, his identity would be successfully concealed!

However, when it made it halfway into the pillar, his name suddenly stopped moving.

Ning Zhuo’s puppet body fell to its knees in front of the stone pillar.

His soul power was almost exhausted, leaving his soul on the brink of dispersing.

Ning Zhuo couldn’t hold on any longer.

For him to activate the seal’s power was like a baby wielding a giant hammer. His small body was unable to bear it.

The next moment, his soul reached its limit. It quickly left his puppet body, flying along the Life-Hanging Thread and penetrating space to return to his true body.

Thump.

Without a soul, the puppet body fell motionless on the spot.

As for Ning Zhuo, he fainted once again.

…

In the main hall of the Lava Immortal Palace, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was flying around in the air. Wherever it went, it left terrifying flames raging in its wake.

Suddenly, it stopped in place, having noticed the departure of Ning Zhuo’s soul.

It opened its mouth and let out a loud roar!

Its roar penetrated the Lava Immortal Palace and spread into the surroundings, clearing the heavy clouds and smoke and stirring the churning lava wherever it went.

“The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit is roaring? What’s got it going so crazy?”

Fire Persimmon City Lord had no choice but to urgently activate Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s grand formation once again.

Countless green formation patterns covered heaven and earth, crisscrossing in a great net and forming a powerful blockade.

Fire Persimmon City Lord’s beard fluttered and his eyes reddened, his clothes billowing without wind as he fought to suppress the wild Lava Immortal Palace. It wasn’t until half an incense stick’s worth of time passed that the situation gradually became stable.

“Last time, the immortal palace almost flew into the sky after being attacked by the Golden Core demonic cultivator.

“What happened this time? Was it attacked again?”

Fire Persimmon City Lord’s eyes narrowed, and his expression turned gloomy.

Ever since the immortal palace emerged from the volcano, he had been sitting high above in the clouds and never left for a single moment.

He was a dignified Nascent Soul cultivator and the master of this area. Which overconfident fool would dare to sneak into the Lava Immortal Palace under his watch?

Since he stationed himself above the mountain, no outsider had entered the immortal palace. Of this, he was certain.

“Even if someone sneaked in from below the volcano, they would have to contend with the grand formation’s detection, as well as the endless lava surges that have yet to subside.

“Is it just that the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit is feeling impatient?”

…

Ning Zhuo slowly woke up.

After a long time passed, his blurry vision gradually turned clear.

His eyelids felt extremely heavy.

“The damage to my soul this time is much more serious than my last trip.”

Ning Zhuo resisted the urge to fall back asleep, instead laboriously raising his body.

Even though he deliberately moved slowly, waves of dizziness struck him one after another.

Eventually, he sat up.

This simple action left his back covered in a cold sweat. Light and shadow overlapped in his vision, and the stationary tables, chairs, and benches seemed to be trembling visibly.

He had no choice but to close his eyes, submerging himself in darkness. His heartbeat, much faster than normal, started to sound like a violent drumbeat to his ears.

A long time passed. He slowly opened his eyes, feeling just a bit better than before.

“My body and soul are originally one. They perfectly suit each other.”

The body naturally nourished the soul. This was why Ning Zhuo could recover slightly even without doing anything.

But the speed of this natural recovery was too slow. If he wanted to save on time, Ning Zhuo had no choice but to take medicine.

He slowly left his bed and stood on his feet. Then, he twisted the mechanism to open the basement.

On the way down, he held onto anything and everything for support, and moved at a snail-like pace. If he moved any faster, he might directly fall unconscious.

Halfway down, he couldn’t handle it any longer and slowly crouched down.

Curling up into a ball, he leaned his head against the handrail of the stairs.

Ning Zhuo felt very uncomfortable. He was full of a sense of weakness and heaviness, his head felt like it was spinning, and he had a powerful urge to vomit. But more than all this, he felt extremely, extremely sleepy!

Lowering his head, he felt as if his skull had magnified several times and his spine was as weak as a withered branch.

He closed his eyes again. In the darkness, he listened quietly to his drum-like heartbeat.

His back was hunched, as if there was an invisible mountain pressing down on him, crushing him beneath its weight.

“Hehe.” Ning Zhuo chuckled through his pain.

The more complicated a mechanical construct was, the more he desired to study it thoroughly. The more difficult a situation he was in, the more it stimulated the fighting spirit that was usually hidden deep in his bones!

His face was as pale as a sheet of paper and his forehead was covered in cold sweat, but the corners of his mouth were slightly raised in a madman’s smile.

Soon, he restrained his emotions, and his smile disappeared.

He opened his eyes again, pupils full of resolute coldness.

“It’s possible!

“Thanks to the Buddha Heart Demon Seal, I can continue hiding my identity.

“This is what my mother left behind for me, and it’s also my only opportunity.

“If I can’t catch hold of this opportunity, I’ll be ashamed to face my mother!”

Ning Zhuo laboriously stood up again. Each and every tiny movement required his fullest effort.

After walking down the stairs, he leaned against the wall to walk over to his medicine cabinet.

Resisting his dizziness, he opened the cabinet door with his trembling hands and pulled out a pill bottle, popping open the cork with extreme difficulty.

He was losing feeling in his hands and feet, and his vision was filled with spots, so many pills spilled on the ground as he poured them out.

But in the end, he managed to swallow one.

After successfully taking a pill, Ning Zhuo slumped against the wall and slowly sat down. His head lolled as he directly fell asleep.

By the time he woke up again, it was already late at night.

His condition had improved dramatically.

Before, he had been seeing double, and his world would spin every time he moved.

But now, his sight was just a little blurry. Double vision would only occur if he turned his head too fast.

Relying on pills was much more effective than sleeping. If it wasn’t, how could alchemy rank at the top of the hundred arts of cultivation?

Ning Zhuo picked up the pills that had spilled on the ground, cleaned them off, and put them back into the pill bottle.

He didn’t have many left, so he had to use them as frugally as possible.

“I need to stockpile pills that can nourish the soul.

“Having your soul enter the palace is very taxing. The demand for these kinds of pills will only become higher and higher.

“And they’re even more crucial for me.

“Even if I buy a lot of soul-nourishing pills, I can’t bring them into the Lava Immortal Palace. Once I’m there, I’m on my own.

“I have to raise the strength of my soul itself, and it has to be at least twice as strong as now. Otherwise, I won’t be able to erase my name from the ranking.”

