Chapter 333: A thousand-mile dragon leaves the Immortal city!

Zhu Xuanji: "The specific content is: cancel the wanted orders for Sun Lingtong and Yang Chanyu, and give Sun Lingtong a chance to choose an item from the royal treasury as a reward."

Ning Zhuo couldn't help but open his mouth slightly, his face full of disappointment: "This, this, this..."

He was indeed full of expectations, but he did not expect that the Southern Bean Kingdom royal family was so shrewd. Whether it was the open explanation or the secret reward, it was just right, but he, Ning Zhuo, was missed.

After the announcement, Zhu Xuanji immediately stood up and said, "I'll tell you one last thing. Don't leak the scripture that can extract spiritual power. Although it is a Buddhist scripture, it is still too eye-catching. It is obviously the way of the Zangling Sect."

Ning Zhuo hurriedly "intercepted" him halfway: "Master Zhu, are you leaving now? Please don't, I have specially prepared a small banquet for you..."

Zhu Xuanji ignored him and left.

Ning Zhuo chased after him, took out the magic weapon and stuffed it into Zhu Xuanji's hand: "It's just a small token of my respect. Hehe."

Zhu Xuanji looked down and saw that it was the Jade Dragon Mirror, which was a set with the Golden Phoenix Mirror he had brought back.

Part of the agreement among the three families was to divide up the several magical treasures floating in the main hall. Ning Zhuo got the Jade Dragon Mirror.

Zhu Xuanji quickly pulled his arm back, furious: "You actually want to bribe me? I am the detective, I am Zhu Xuanji, how can I accept your bribe? You bastard, how dare you bully me?!"

"Humph, he is indeed the same as Sun Lingtong, birds of a feather."

Ning Zhuo was not frightened and still smiled: "Don't be nervous, Master Zhu. This matter is known to you, me, heaven and earth..."

Zhu Xuanji flew directly into the sky, turned into a rainbow and left, leaving very cleanly.

Ning Zhuo looked at his escaping light and sighed: "How could he leave so quickly? I wanted to trade the Mechanical Demon General with him."

Afterwards, Ning Zhuo, Zhu Xuanji and Meng Kui divided up the three golden core-level constructs, namely the Buddha Healer, the demon general and the Taoist master.


Ning Zhuo blinked in confusion, thinking: "Why do I feel that Zhu Xuanji doesn't dare to face me? He seems to be in a panic?"

He shook his head, thinking it was just his illusion.

"If we really fight, I still can't beat Zhu Xuanji."

"My trump cards have all been exposed. Although my mother's spiritual power has been greatly replenished, every time I use my spiritual energy or the Great Snake Scythe, I have to consume a lot of spiritual power."

The most powerful mechanism in Ning Zhuo's hand is undoubtedly the Buddha Healer, but he will never use it casually!

The more spiritual she is, the longer she can hold out. As long as there is a little bit of spirituality left, there is hope.

Ning Zhuo's feeling was not wrong. Zhu Xuanji did not want to have more contact with Ning Zhuo.

 He is not afraid of Ning Zhuo, nor is he afraid of the Great Snake Scythe, but he is afraid of my Buddha Heart Demon Seal!

Zhu Xuanji was flying in the air, his eyes focused.

The last words of the retired emperor directly explained that my Buddha Heart Demon Seal was related to the dispute between the Buddhist world and the demon world, and the cause and effect were extremely great.

Zhu Xuanji certainly didn't want to get involved and could only choose to stay away.

The reason why Ning Zhuo was not given any reward or official position was also based on this consideration. If he really became an official of Southern Bean Kingdom, the royal family would probably perish because they could not bear the consequences of the Buddha and the Demon!

In short, it is best to keep a distance from Ning Zhuo and watch from afar.

It's good for Zhu Xuanji himself, and it's also good for the entire Southern Bean Kingdom !

Not long after Zhu Xuanji left, Ning Jufan also arrived quietly.

"Ancestor, I have been looking forward to seeing you grow old." Ning Zhuo's face was full of sincerity.

He was very grateful to Ning Jufan for speaking up for him and abolishing Ning Qingqiao's position as the family elder, thus clearing away the obstacles within the family for a smooth division of the family.

Ning Jiufan snorted coldly: "What else can we do? Let the main branch continue to target you, suppress you, and give you a legitimate reason to let you destroy the entire main branch?"

Ning Zhuo's face immediately changed color, and he vowed that he would never be so heartless and indifferent.


Although he was treated badly, he was able to grow up smoothly, and he still respected the Main branch. He would not use such drastic means to deal with the Main branch. After all, the Main branch and he had the same blood.

"No matter what, they are all my relatives." Ning Zhuo sighed.

Ning Jiufan snorted coldly: "Ning Xiaohui, Ning Xiaoren... Aren't these your relatives? Although I am old, I am not confused. I heard that you have a pair of mechanical arms?"

Ning Zhuo coughed quickly: "Ancestor, I want to congratulate you. With the support of the royal family, you are able to control the demon ape. we are already a powerful force with the combat power of Nascent Soul level!

"Alas, I just had a secret conversation with Lord Zhu Xuanji, but I learned that the royal family has not given me any reward, not even an official position."

Ning Zhuo spread his hands, his whole body exuding a strong feeling of grievance and loss.

Ning Jufan coughed a few times, knowing that Ning Zhuo was using this as a bargaining chip to negotiate with him.

Ning Jiufan sighed, looked deeply at Ning Zhuo, and said: "The past is a mess. It is useless to dwell on it now."

Ning Zhuo strongly agreed.

At this point, his crime of murdering Ning Xiaohui and others was lightly exposed by Ning Jiufan. Ning Jiufan: "According to your previous message, you want to leave Fire Persimmon Immortal City?"

Ning Zhuo bowed and said, "Ancestor, I have lived in Fire Persimmon Immortal City for more than ten years and I am eager to travel around the world. As the saying goes, reading thousands of books will lead to traveling thousands of miles. The world is so big, I am eager to see it and can't wait."

Ning Jiufan stroked his beard and said thoughtfully: "You are indeed too outstanding. Meng Kui must have remembered you for giving up the position of Palace Master. It is better to stay out of the limelight."

Ning Jufan was not worried about Ning Zhuo's personal safety.

On the one hand, Ning Zhuo's fighting power is stronger than his. This is simply outrageous! If a Golden Core-level fighting power cannot travel the world, then this world is too dangerous.

On the other hand, Ning Jiufan was more confident in Ning Zhuo's methods and strategies. Even his ancestor was deceived, and this young man was almost a demon. What was there to worry about?

"When are you leaving?" Ning Jiufan asked.


Ning Zhuo said, "It's still too early, at least half a month."

He said that he needed to consolidate his cultivation and at the same time, he needed to maintain stability by splitting up and building a new one.

"Before you leave, remember to leave a mechanical construct behind to take care of the family." Ning Jiufan reminded, "I think that the mechanical ape construct  is good."

In order to gain Ning Jiufan's support, Ning Zhuo revealed a lot to him.

In fact, the three-party cooperation must let Ning Zhuo know. If Ning Zhuo doesn't say it, Zhu Xuanji will tell it.

Ning Zhuo began to live a secluded life.

The Cloud Kingdom caravan left, but Song Fuli secretly returned with two Golden Core monks and hid in the nearby mountains.

Luo Shang scattered the ghost soldiers and ghost generals around, and together with Han Ming, they were also waiting.

Yang Chanyu stared at Sun Lingtong and urged him all day long to say goodbye to Ning Zhuo and return to the void sect as soon as possible.

She also made a lot of money this time.

Ning Zhuo reached a contract with Meng Kui and Zhu Xuanji, and obtained many things from the Immortal Palace. He also reaped a lot of benefits from the Zheng family's inheritance, and received many gifts when the branch family was established.

To these gifts, Ning Zhuo also added a golden core-level seven-colored auspicious cloud and gave it to Yang Chanyu.

Yang Chanyu was very satisfied with this, but she was worried about the way back.

Even if she couldn't detect Song Fuli, Luo Shang and the others, she knew that the soul devouring Sect had a deadly feud with both of them. On the way back, there would definitely be many murderous intentions, and it would not be peaceful!

Ning Zhuo and Sun Lingtong met secretly in the underground base.

Sun Lingtong glanced around, laughed, and said with emotion: "In a few years, these secret bases will no longer exist."

The defense formation of Fire Persimmon Immortal City has many loopholes. This is because they have to take Lava Palace into consideration and do not want to affect the palace's defense of Fire Persimmon Mountain, so the defense formation is very conservative.

Now, Meng Kui has become the Palace Master of the Immortal Palace and can incorporate the entire Immortal Palace into the Immortal City's city defense formation, serving as the core of the formation.


Therefore, next, the city defense formation will definitely be re-laid and refined, and finding loopholes will be extremely difficult.

The two of them hid their bodies, transited through the underground base, and finally went deep into Fire Persimmon Mountain.

Ning Zhuo, however, had no interest in the underground base and urged Sun Lingtong: "Let's go, Boss."

Ning Zhuo stopped in a tunnel.

"It's right here." He controlled the fire ape and kept scratching at the ground.

Soon, the fire ape pulled out a small and exquisite mechanical dragon.

The entire length of the mechanical dragon was no longer than Ning Zhuo's palm, and it was gray and inconspicuous.

But Ning Zhuo knew that this was a mechanical creation of the Nascent Soul level—the Thousand Mile Wandering Dragon!

After scanning with his spiritual sense, Ning Zhuo showed a happy expression: "Great, just as I expected, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit is also in there!"

Sun Lingtong was overjoyed when he heard this: "This dragon turtle spirit took the initiative to seek death, which is extremely strange. Does he really think we are all fools? Haha, little Zhuo finally found it!"

"But how on earth did it escape and get into this little dragon under our noses?"

Ning Zhuo said: "The spirit has no fatal weakness. It is very likely that it used the punishment of the Immortal Palace to split itself into two parts. The main part stayed in the main hall, deceiving us and actively seeking death. When the main part died, the split would become the only one and gradually regain consciousness from the coma."

Ning Zhuo saw the dragon turtle fire spirit in the little dragon in the mechanism, but the latter was seriously injured, there was no movement, and he was recovering slowly.

Ning Zhuo and Sun Lingtong tried for a while and successfully activated the mechanical dragon.

The size of the Thousand-mile Wandering dragon did not change, but two rays of light burst out from its eyes, sweeping over Sun Lingtong and Ning Zhuo, instantly sucking them into the mechanism's body.

"Wonderful, wonderful!" After exploring, Sun Lingtong gradually mastered the method of controlling Wanli Youlong and danced with joy.

"In this way, we can directly withdraw from Fire Persimmon Immortal City."

"Let Meng Kui take over the position of Palace Master temporarily and repair the Palace for us, haha.


ha!"

Ning Zhuo smiled and nodded.


The reason why he was able to find the dragon turtle fire spirit was because when he saw the dragon turtle fire spirit in the main hall, he planted a thread of life in it.

As a result, the main body of the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was buried in the sea of fire, but Ning Zhuo immediately felt that his life was hanging by a thread, so he moved outside the hall and continued to move quickly.

At that time, Zhu Zhen was still chasing the Thousand-Mile Wandering Dragon.

"The Immortal Palace has three powers. Now I control my Buddha Heart Demon Seal, Dragon turtle Fire spirit...

Ning Zhuo's decision to surrender was actually within his expectations.

"The Zhu family wants to rely on my Ning family, and my Ning family is also relying on me to help regain the position of the Palace Master of the Immortal Palace in the future?"

Ning Zhuo smiled and looked at Sun Lingtong: "But, Boss, are you sure there will be no trouble if you leave with me?"

Sun Lingtong laughed: "Your boss, I am such a smart person. At the beginning, I agreed with that silly woman Yang Chanyu that after the matter in Lava Immortal Palace was over, I would return to Void sect with her. But is this matter over?"

Sun Lingtong spread out his hands: "No!"

"Okay." Ning Zhuo nodded, relieved. He subconsciously looked up, which was the direction of Fire Persimmon Immortal city.

For Ning Zhuo, he was born and grew up here, and this is his hometown!

"Goodbye, my hometown." He called out softly in his heart, and then controlled the dragon

The mechanical construct was fully activated, and the Nascent Soul level aura was no longer restrained. It expanded rapidly and immediately attracted several gazes.

The next moment.

With a dragon roar, the Dragon swung its body, leaving a residual image on the spot, and disappeared without a trace.

"You little bastard, you even lied to your ancestors!" Ning Jufan cursed, but a smile appeared on his lips.


Ning Zhuo told him that he would have to stay for at least half a month.

But after a few days, he escaped.

The next moment, Ning Jiufan's smile suddenly froze. He thought of something: "Wait! My Ice Heart Jade Pot is still with him, and he hasn't returned it to me yet!"