Chapter 35: Demonic Cultivators Conspire

Han Ming walked alertly into the secret room.

There were two other people there.

“Welcome, welcome.” Sitting in the main seat, Sun Lingtong clapped his hands and greeted with an enthusiastic voice.

The main seat was in the middle of the room, with three seats each to the left and right.

An old man was sitting two seats away to Sun Lingtong’s left. He had an air of vicissitude about him, and a gloomy expression on his face. When he saw Han Ming come in, he looked at her with a scrutinizing gaze.

Han Ming’s eyes flickered slightly. She also looked at the old man, finding him somewhat familiar.

After pondering for a moment, she remembered. “It’s the mechanical arts master who sells Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables in the black market.”

“Please, sit down.” Sun Lingtong said.

Han Ming sat down to his right, choosing the farthest seat from the center. Incidentally, this seat was also the closest to the secret room’s exit.

“Sun Lingtong, you spent a lot of money to invite me here. What do you want me to do? Don’t hold back.” Han Ming got straight to the point as soon as she sat down.

Han Ming was a Foundation Establishment stage demonic cultivator. Her beautiful face had a tinge of bluish-gray to it, and her whole body exuded a gloomy chill, giving her an eerie and cold kind of beauty.

Sun Lingtong clapped his hands and praised: “You’re straightforward! Okay, I’ll tell you.

“I’m planning to take care of Sun Lie. After thinking about it, you, Han Ming, are the most suitable partner for this.”

Han Ming made a noise of acknowledgment. Her eyebrows rose slightly. “You also want the Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellet?”

One year ago, Sun Lie had refined eighteen Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets. Aside from those delivered to the Zhou Clan, the rest were to be distributed on the spot.

Sun Lie was a generous person, and never one to care about the details. At the time, he was also drunk; he said that the cultivators who were interested in the pills should compete on the spot, with the winner taking everything.

Han Ming was among those present.

She was an outer disciple of the Soul Devouring Sect and cultivated the Nine Turns Soul Devouring Incantation. Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets were extremely useful to her.

She immediately joined the competition, but there were too many opponents who also desired the pills. In the end, she had to resort to demonic techniques, killing a Foundation Establishment cultivator on the spot and seriously injuring three more.

Thus, her identity as a demonic cultivator was exposed.

Sun Lie obviously wouldn’t give the Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets to a demonic cultivator, especially in public.

Han Ming had been forced to flee.

…

Back in the secret room.

Ning Zhuo spoke slowly in a hoarse voice. “Who doesn’t want the Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellet?”

Sun Lingtong nodded. “But what we really want is something more.

“Sun Lie is a master alchemist. He’s lived in Fire Persimmon Immortal City for more than a year now, with endless alchemy requests pouring in.

“He has an extremely high success rate when concocting pills, to the point where there are some pills leftover after almost every request.

“My information tells me that there are hundreds of pill bottles on the shelves of his medicine storage room!”

Han Ming nodded slightly, already feeling tempted.

Her identity had been exposed last year, but she still hadn’t left the city. It was all because she was unwilling to give up and let go of her designs on the Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets.

During the past year, she had collected a lot of information and probed Sun Lie several times, but to no avail.

Han Ming said, “Sun Lie is at the peak of Foundation Establishment and his battle prowess isn’t bad.

“At the same time, he’s a master alchemist. The City Lord Mansion treats him very well, letting him live in the Purple Sun Villa.

“The Purple Sun Villa is a property owned by the City Lord Mansion. The villa’s defensive formation is connected to the immortal city’s grand formation.

“That’s why the Purple Sun Furnace in the villa can use the grand formation and draw over the boundless earth fire of Fire Persimmon Mountain to help concoct pills.

“Not even mentioning the guards in the Purple Sun Villa, just the defensive formation alone isn’t something we can quickly crack.

“If we end up in a prolonged battle, we’ll have to face city guards swarming from all directions.”

Sun Lingtong laughed and said, “Han Ming, don’t forget where I’m from. Take a look at this!”

As he spoke, Sun Lingtong took out a talisman.

Han Ming scanned it, and a hint of joy flashed across her face. “Formation Breaking Talisman? Very good!

“I’ll agree to this matter.

“But let me make things clear first. I want at least three Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets!”

Sun Lingtong smiled without saying anything.

Ning Zhuo snorted coldly. “Delusional! You should be happy if we give you even a single one.

“If not for the fact that the one we originally contacted hasn’t arrived, how could we let an outsider like you join?”

Han Ming’s face turned cold, and murderous intent overflowed in her eyes as she narrowed them at Ning Zhuo. “The last Foundation Establishment cultivator to treat me like this died last year, and there are three more who were heavily injured.”

Ning Zhuo sneered. “Do you think I’m trash like them?”

As he spoke, his hair turned into thick black whips, like pythons with their heads raised. Mechanical birds peeked their heads out of the cloak, with more than a dozen pairs of eyes crackling with electricity as they looked Han Ming up and down.

Han Ming's heart trembled.

Fire Persimmon Immortal City was protected by the grand formation. Cultivators like her, who mainly fought using spells, were at an inherent disadvantage in battle.

Under the suppression of the grand formation, it was the body cultivators, corpse cultivators, beast cultivators, mechanical cultivators, and other variant cultivator types who took the lead.

Han Ming didn’t know Ning Zhuo’s background. What she did know, however, was that he made a lot of money selling Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables. Anyone who could make that much money and survive for so long was naturally not simple.

Sun Lingtong clapped his hands to break the tense atmosphere. “Alright, alright. We’re here to cooperate, not fight to the death.

“Han Ming, you come from a major sect of the demonic path and are very powerful. But let me tell you, Hanging-Hair Traveler is no weaker than you.”

Han Ming snorted coldly and retracted her killing intent.

Ning Zhuo also turned his black whips back into hair, and his cloak covered the group of battle-ready Silent Thunderbirds.

Sun Lingtong took the opportunity to continue speaking: “There are only the three of us attacking the Purple Sun Villa this time. Each of us will be guaranteed one Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellet.

“It’s hard to tell what will happen once we really go there. But no matter how much we end up getting, we’ll divide it according to however much each of us contributes.

"What do you two think?"

The secret room fell into silence.

Ning Zhuo didn’t speak.

Han Ming was in deep thought.

She didn’t trust Ning Zhuo, but she believed in Sun Lingtong. Sun Lingtong came from the Spaceless Sect; the Spaceless Sect and the Soul Devouring Sect were major factions in this world and both had similar status.

Sun Lingtong had been in charge of Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s black market for so many years, and his reputation was solid.

“He’s the local snake[^1] here. Since he plans to attack Purple Sun Villa, he must be certain of success.

“If I miss this opportunity, how long will I have to wait to succeed by myself?”

Thinking of this, Han Ming nodded slightly and spoke in a cold voice. “I agree.”

Sun Lingtong looked at Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo nodded: "Alright, let's sign the contract."

…

Purple Sun Villa.

In the alchemy room.

Sun Lie and Meng Chong stood in front of the Purple Sun Furnace.

This alchemy furnace was more than two people tall and occupied almost half the space in the entire alchemy room. Its body of reddish copper emitted blazing heat.

Meng Chong looked at the furnace in a daze, having yet to fully recover from what he had just heard. “Old Sun, you’re going to put me in the furnace and refine me as a medicinal material?”

Sun Lie raised his gourd and took a sip of strong alcohol. His cheeks flushed as he replied, “Hahaha, that’s right!”

Meng Chong frowned. Confused, he said, “Isn’t using humans to concoct pills something only a demonic cultivator would do?”

Sun Lie rolled his eyes. “Demonic cultivator? What even is that?

“In the hundred arts of cultivation, practicality is king. Whichever method works the best is what I’ll use.

“Righteous cultivators and demonic cultivators are all cultivators. Is there really a difference between them?”

Notes:

[^1]: Local snake – part of a saying, “the strong dragon cannot suppress the local snake”. Refers to someone with great local influence, to the point where even a stronger person from a foreign area has to be careful.

