Chapter 36: Joint Attack on Purple Sun

Sun Lie looked at Meng Chong and said unhappily, “Your grandfather ordered me to help you disperse your spiritual energy as quickly as possible.

“Using my method, you can get rid of all your cultivation in a single night. Or what, are you scared?”

Meng Chong immediately raised his eyebrows and puffed out his chest. “I’m not scared! Let’s go!”

Sun Lie laughed. “Good. I didn’t misjudge you after all.”

Changing the subject, he said, “In fact, cultivating with the help of a furnace isn’t some new concept.

“You must have heard about the divine ability of Fiery Eyes, Golden Pupils[^1], right?

“To cultivate this divine ability, a cultivator first needs either the Fiery Eyes or Golden Pupils immortal talent. Then, they have to get into an ancient furnace.

“After the refining process starts, they must persevere for 49 days without closing their eyes, suffering under the smoke and fire and enduring the pain.

“Now that you’re entering a furnace, you should be mentally prepared.”

Meng Chong nodded solemnly.

Sun Lie opened his storage bag and took out a large bowl and a small glass bottle.

The bowl contained a viscous substance that looked like amber, orange in color and crystal clear. As for the small bottle, it contained a red and yellow powder.

Sun Lie instructed, "Come, take off all your clothes."

“Smear yourself with the contents of this bowl, then sprinkle the powder in the bottle all over your body.”

Meng Chong made a sound of acknowledgment. He took off his clothes and accepted the large bowl and small bottle.

He smeared the substance in the bowl first, then evenly sprinkled the powder in the bottle.

Gradually, he felt like something was wrong. Sniffing himself, he said, “Old Sun, is it just me or is this stuff honey and cumin?”

Sun Lie raised his head took a big sip of wine, and laughed. “Haha, you just noticed now? Your grandfather said that you know nothing of any of the hundred arts of cultivation. He was right!”

Meng Chong’s expression darkened. “I’m no good at alchemy, but I’ve eaten a lot of spirit food.”

Sun Lie nodded. “Since ancient times, food and medicine have been connected. Food is the best medicine.

“In the end, there’s not much difference between a spirit chef’s spirit food and an alchemist’s spirit pills.”

At this point, he gave Meng Chong a wink. “Are you worried that I’m planning to kill you? That I’m cooking you up to be nice and tasty?”

Although he hadn’t met Meng Chong many times, he had a solid grasp of the boy’s personality.

Despite his looks as an eighteen or nineteen-year-old young man, Meng Chong was actually only fourteen, even younger than Ning Zhuo. He was full of the ambition and competitiveness of youth, and he was extremely proud of his Meng Clan heritage.

“Don’t underestimate me.” Meng Chong glared at Sun Lie and jumped straight into the Purple Sun Furnace.

Sun Lie let out a burp before closing the furnace door.

The sound of the furnace door swinging shut made Meng Chong’s heart jump.

Although the furnace was now sealed, there was still some dim illumination.

Meng Chong glanced around at his surroundings, immediately finding that the bottom of the furnace was littered with various medicinal materials.

Seeing this, Meng Chong felt a bit more confident, feeling that Sun Lie was well prepared.

“The way he slathered me in honey and cumin made him seem a bit unreliable, but Sun Lie is a master alchemist, after all. This, too, must have a purpose behind it.”

Without hesitation, Meng Chong to the center of the furnace and sat down cross-legged.

Outside the Purple Sun Furnace, Sun Lie tilted his head and took big gulps of wine, then puffed his cheeks and blew it outward.

Boom.

As the wine fell on the Purple Sun Furnace, flames immediately ignited.

Soon, the temperature in the furnace rose rapidly. The redness of the fire illuminated Sun Lie’s face.

“Here it comes.” Meng Chong’s heart pounded as he noticed the soaring temperature.

The interior of the furnace, which had been dim before, suddenly became bright with red light.

Meng Chong’s body temperature rose rapidly. The honey on his skin began to melt, the cumin exuded a rich fragrance, and huge amounts of spiritual energy flowed out of his pores in the form of mist.

At this moment, outside, the Purple Sun Villa, Sun Lingtong’s eyes flashed with a strange light.

His Spirit Eyes penetrated the multiple walls to see a blurry scene.

“Very good, Sun Lie is concocting pills. This is a great opportunity to make a move.” He was full of excitement.

After starting to concoct pills, an alchemist often wouldn’t move.

This meant that Sun Lie, a fighter in the peak of Foundation Establishment, was temporarily out of commission!

"Formation Breaking Talisman, go!"

Sun Lingtong didn’t hesitate and directly played his strongest card.

Sensing the attack, the formation protecting the Purple Sun Villa immediately activated, forming a dome-shaped barrier of light.

The small and insignificant-looking Formation Breaking Talisman shattered the moment it touched the barrier, dissipating into motes of light that directly dissolved the formation’s power.

The formation around Purple Sun Villa was nullified!

“Go.” Ning Zhuo had been waiting for a long time. At this moment, he opened his cloak.

A flock of Silent Thunderbirds flew out, drawing arcs of lighting through the air as they descended on the front yard.

Wee-woo, wee-woo!!

Blaring alarms rang out in the Purple Sun Villa.

Ning Zhuo’s heartbeat accelerated slightly. He untied the two storage bags on his waist, turned them upside down, and shook out everything inside.

Mechanical constructs fell out one by one, growing from tiny to large. By the time they hit the ground, they had all returned to their true size.

Twenty brass mechanical men and forty red-copper mechanical beasts arranged themselves in orderly ranks and rushed toward the Purple Sun Villa.

Of course, the Purple Sun Villa had guards. Four early-stage Foundation Establishment cultivators and eighteen late-stage Qi Refining cultivators were alerted by the alarms.

The Foundation Establishment cultivators cast spells to clean up the Silent Thunderbirds. As for the eighteen Qi Refining cultivators, they formed a battle formation, bursting out with power beyond the middle stage of Foundation Establishment and standing steady on the spot.

As mechanical constructs poured over like a tide, the battle formation was like a reef, unmoved even in the face of the flood.

“Brother, Sun Lie is concocting pills in the alchemy room!” Sun Lingtong’s voice transmission arrived secretly.

Ning Zhuo’s thoughts turned, and he immediately diverted a portion of his mechanical constructs to charge toward the villa’s alchemy room.

Attack the enemy in the place they must defend!

“Damn it!” The four early-stage Foundation Establishment cultivators cursed, but didn’t move.

A middle-stage Foundation Establishment cultivator suddenly appeared out of nowhere. They swung a magical mirror, and the mirror’s light enveloped all the mechanical constructs rushing over.

The mirror shook again, and suddenly revealed the hidden figure of Hanging-Hair Traveler.

“He’s over there!” The mirror-holding cultivator in the middle stage of Foundation Establishment shouted to his companions, pointing out Ning Zhuo’s specific location.

Then, another figure appeared.

“Another hidden middle-stage Foundation Establishment cultivator!” Ning Zhuo’s pupils contracted slightly. Silent Thunderbirds circled around him, and the Hanging-Hair Hooks reared their heads like black pythons ready for battle.

Soon, a fierce battle broke out in the dark alley where Ning Zhuo was hiding.

“Hmph! I hope he’s as good as Sun Lingtong says.” Han Ming glanced in Ning Zhuo’s direction before taking action herself.

Surrounded by yin wind, she moved swiftly and soundlessly, just like a ghost.

First, she flew over to the alchemy room, but seeing another Foundation Establishment cultivator at the door, she decisively turned and rushed over to the medicine storage room.

But before she could get there, a flash of sword light appeared, and a flying sword forced the ghost-form Han Ming to stop in her tracks.

A peak-level Foundation Establishment cultivator slowly stepped forth.

“Tonight I’m only here to take away the pills. I don’t want to hurt anyone.” Han Ming narrowed her eyes and spoke.

What came in response was a sharp sword light.

Notes:

[^1]: Fiery Eyes, Golden Pupils – This refers to a power of Sun Wukong from Journey to the West. At one point, Laozi traps Wukong in the Eight Trigrams Furnace and tries to refine all the immortal elixirs he’d eaten out of him. Wukong hides beneath one of the trigrams, and the smoke from the furnace irritates his eyes and turns them into the Fiery Eyes, Golden Pupils. He emerges forty nine days later when Laozi opens the furnace. The Fiery Eyes, Golden Pupils are capable of seeing through all illusions (except for the ones they can’t) and are used by Sun Wukong throughout the story to see through the disguises of demons scheming to devour Tang Sanzang’s flesh.

