Chapter 360: The Buddha Guides Through Harsh Cold


Ning Zhuo took out a Mist Rust Orchid.


"Miss Lin, this is the first time I've left my hometown and traveled outside."


"After arriving at Cloud Concealment Mountain, I found a desire to climb higher.”


“After turning a corner, the fog disappeared and I saw the clouds in the sky drifting, the sun rising, the mountains solemn, and the rivers flowing. "


"I saw a cliff and found several Mist Rust Orchids.”


“These Mist Rust Orchids were covered in mist, swaying gently as if a new world was beckoning to me. "


"I took these Mist Rust Orchids, holding them in my hand. Surprisingly, I felt something I had never felt before, a beautiful feeling.”


“The world is so vast and life is so wonderful, so close to the mountains and flowers. "


"Just like how I traveled the world and sought advice from everywhere. The road ahead is long and endless, but it also contains countless opportunities.”


“I'm full of anticipation. "


"That day, when I saw you at the back mountain of the Little Contention Peak, I felt the same as that day."


"Miss Lin, you're beautiful and refined, these Mist Rust Orchids can't compare to you.


It's just that I feel that when I was picking flowers on the mountains that day before meeting you later on, it just seemed like a fateful encounter. It's like the heavens have been watching over me."
"Maybe, the Mist Rust Orchids only came to meet you through my hands.”


Heroes appreciate each other and beauties sympathize with each other. 
Lin Shanshan couldn't help but be attracted by Ning Zhuo's words.


Ning Zhuo's praise was full of romance and not vulgar at all.


He spoke of his "true feelings", which resonated with Lin Shanshan even more.


Lin Shanshan felt a lot of envy in her heart.


After all, in the past twenty one years, she only went out with her father occasionally to visit friends. She had never truly left the sect and traveled outside.


Ning Zhuo's description of the beautiful feeling of traveling alone deeply moved her.


Ning Zhuo took the opportunity to step forward and hand over the Mist Rust Orchids.


When Lin Shanshan reacted, she found that she was holding a Mist Rust Orchid in her hands.


She sighed in her heart and said emotionally, "I didn't know about your experience before, but now I know.


Then I'll take this Mist Rust Orchid. "


Ning Zhuo laughed loudly, "Thank you, Miss Lin, for fulfilling this one's wish!"


Ning Zhuo asked Lin Shanshan to take a seat and poured tea for her.


He said, "Miss Lin and I felt like old friends at first sight. Now that I think about the first time we met, I feel that it was fate and fate."


"Through Li Jingqing and Han Zhou's matter, I gained a lot of inspiration."


"Li Jingqing bought herbs and medicine from your sect." My Ning Family also has such a need for these items. "


"Perhaps through the two, we can both benefit if we work together.


"Oh?" Lin Shanshan didn't expect Ning Zhuo’s sudden suggestion.


Although Lin Shanshan had been cherished by her father's generation and senior brothers since she was young and did not involve herself too deeply, she was still a disciple of a large sect and had received relevant training since she was young.


She immediately got into the mood. The blush on her face faded, and she looked serious. After thinking about what to say, she gave Ning Zhuo a positive response.


According to Ning Zhuo, his family had the combat capability of a Nascent Soul Realm cultivator. Therefore, they couldn't be underestimated and had to be treated as equals.


Ning Zhuo mentioned that he wanted to inspect the goods of the Myriad Medicine Sect and seek cooperation.


Lin Shanshan and Ning Zhuo talked for a while. She said that she couldn't make the decision and had to report it first.


After saying goodbye to Lin Shanshan, Ning Zhuo began to cultivate.


He took out a cushion and sat down. He closed his eyes and meditated, examining himself.


Dantian in the Divine Sea!


He saw the True Meaning of Bitter Cold. It hovered in a ball like clouds and mist. It was gloomy.


The True Meaning of Bitter Cold was restrained by the Buddha Light. They didn't spread into Ning Zhuo's Divine Sea.


It was the Buddha Heart Demon Seal that did this!


This Dharma treasure could turn people into demons and oneself into Buddha.


Outside, Ning Zhuo could play the role of a Heart Demon and silently influence others.


Internally, he was able to guard himself and control the purity of his thoughts.


After the True Meaning of Bitter Cold entered Ning Zhuo's body, it immediately triggered the Buddha Heart Demonic Seal to protect its owner.


All the True Meanings were collected by the Buddha Light, restrained, and tightly controlled, waiting for Ning Zhuo to deal with them himself.


Ning Zhuo tried his best and barely affected some of the Buddha Heart Demonic Seal's power.


Immediately, the Buddha Light appeared in his Spirit Sea and continuously wore down the True Meanings of Bitter Cold. It turned into a pure and harmless feeling that flowed into Ning Zhuo's heart.


"Bitter Cold Qi, Bitter Cold Sutra …"


Ning Zhuo's understanding of the Bitter Cold Sutra increased rapidly!


"Mastering the Bitter Cold Sutra allows one to greatly strengthen themselves through suffering and suffering.


As the saying goes, one can only rise above others after suffering the most hardships. When the heavens are about to give a person a great responsibility, they must first suffer hardships to strengthen their will and bones … "


"An excellent cultivation technique is one side of the principles of heaven and earth."


"I've learned it, I've learned it."


Ning Zhuo digested all the True Meanings of Bitter Cold and had a much deeper understanding of the Bitter Cold Sutra.


He was very happy and transmitted the good news to Sun Lingtong.


When Sun Lingtong didn't go out, he stayed in the Thousand Mile Dragon.


Ning Zhuo used the Mechanical Dragon as a belt and wore it on his body.


Hearing the good news, Sun Lingtong was also happy for Ning Zhuo. "With my Buddha Heart Devil Seal, can't you take the wool of those bald donkeys?"


"They let them use their cultivation techniques to teach you, but you took the opportunity to steal their techniques.


Wonderful, wonderful!


Ning Zhuo said, "Not just me.


Boss, if I lend you my Buddha Heart Devil Seal, you can use it too. "
Sun Lingtong nodded. "Interesting. When there is a chance in the future, I want to try it."


Ning Zhuo said again, "Isn't there a chance now?


Boss, you can pretend to be someone else and fight with Han Zhou with my Buddha Heart Devil Seal. "


Sun Lingtong said, "Can I do it?


If my identity or my relationship with you is discovered, wouldn't it affect the next step of the plan? "


Ning Zhuo sighed. "Boss, don't I know your temperament?


I asked you to come here, but you have to stay in the Ten Thousand Mile Soaring Dragon. This is too much for you. "


"Boss, you've been helping me all this time.


When we were in the Fire Persimmon Immortal City, it was fine.


Now that we're traveling, you have to sacrifice yourself for my purpose. I don't want to do that. "


"Even if we're discovered, it doesn't matter.


Let's think of another way. "


Sun Lingtong suddenly understood. "I understand."


"You just talked to Lin Shanshan about the cooperation between the two sides to find another way.


You want to exchange benefits for the Embryonic Breath Spirit Barge? "


"To tell you the truth, I am indeed quite down.


I've been itching to act since I came to the Ten Thousand Medicine Valley.


"This is an inheritance treasure. The price is not low."


Ning Zhuo said with a smile, "Let's wait and see."


Sun Lingtong giggled. "Good, good, good. As expected of my disciple."


"I'm going to go out and steal!


Hahaha. "


Ning Zhuo: "Huh?"


Sun Lingtong said again, "Don't worry, Little Zhuo.


First of all, I know what I'm doing. After all, this is other people's territory. I won't be caught easily.


Second, I don't like that guy Li Jingqing very much.


Dealing with him can be considered as revenge for you. "


Ning Zhuo nodded slightly. "Boss, be careful.


I don't want to get you out of the prison of the All Medicine Sect. "


Sun Lingtong couldn't wait any longer. He turned invisible, departed from the Ten Thousand Mile Swimming Dragon, and ran out.


Ning Zhuo shouted, "Boss, take my Buddha Heart Devil Seal with you."


Sun Lingtong waved her hand. "Wait. I'll find Li Jingqing first!"


Obviously, he enjoyed the pleasure of stealing more than fighting.


"Being targeted by Boss Sun …" Ning Zhuo secretly mourned for Li Jingqing.


It turned out to be a mountain.


Lin Shanshan came to the study and reported to her father about the cooperation with the Ning Family.


When Lin Bufan heard that the Ning Family had Nascent Soul level power, he took it seriously.


He pondered and said, "You can further contact him and show him the strong foundation of our sect.”


“Tomorrow is the day when the goods are distributed. It's a very suitable opportunity to show the strength of our sect.”


“Don't make promises easily. The specific content of the cooperation has to wait until the investigation results come back.”


Lin Shanshan nodded.


Lin Bufan glanced at his daughter and said casually, "What do you think of Ning Zhuo?"


Lin Shanshan smiled. "He treats people with sincerity. I can feel his sincerity, just like the morning sun."


"He's also a straightforward and upright person. This can be seen from the way he treats Li Jingqing and Han Zhou."


"What's more precious is his modest and upright temperament.


Even if he has a Gold Core Realm trump card, he still works hard to improve himself.


It's rare for someone of his background to have this kind of ambition. "


"From this point of view, it's completely normal for him to have a better spell-casting foundation than me at such a young age."


"He also knows how to repay his debts.


He even said that he would give me a spiritual talisman. "


Lin Bufan couldn't help but take a breath.


Suddenly, he regretted arranging Lin Shanshan to receive Ning Zhuo just now.


He had already said it. It was not good to take it back now.


Lin Bufan thought for a while and said, "Distance tests a horse's strength, and time reveals a person's heart.


Speaking of which, I also had a good impression of Ning Zhuo.


But this is only the first impression.


We need to be careful. "


Lin Shanshan smiled. "Dad, I understand.


You've taught me these principles since I was young. I also know the information about Ning Zhuo and the Ning Family. However, what he said is all unconfirmed.


This was just one of the reasons. "


"Secondly, even if it's all true, I wouldn’t take the initiative to give up the interests of the sect just because I have a good impression of him! "


"Dad, you're underestimating me by reminding me like this."


"Hahaha!" Lin Bufan stroked his beard and laughed heartily. "Good, I'm too worried.


"My daughter is clear-headed!


Not like Jiu 'er. She's so old, but she's still muddle-headed and greedy for the things in the cup! "


Lin Shanshan took the opportunity to say, "Father, although Eldest Senior Brother is locked up, every time I visit him, he cares about you."


Lin Bufan snorted. "Old?


I'm not old! "


"Besides, does this kid have the time to do that?"


"Go away. Don't always try to plead when I'm in a good mood."


Lin Bufan waved his hand.
