Chapter 38: Successful Setup

In the City Lord Mansion.

“What did you say? Purple Sun Villa was attacked by demonic cultivators?” Fei Si, who was in the middle of handling some affairs, abruptly jumped to his feet with a face full of shock.

“How is Young Master Meng Chong?” He immediately asked.

After hearing that Meng Chong was still okay, the huge lump that had risen to his throat finally fell back down.

He immediately passed down orders dispatching a team of cultivators to Purple Sun Villa as reinforcements.

“I’m heading out first!” Disregarding the official business at hand, Fei Si leaped into the air and turned into a long arc of light that headed straight for Purple Sun Villa.

“Meng Chong’s visit to Purple Sun Villa was handled with the utmost secrecy.

“But not long after he arrived, he was attacked by demonic cultivators!

“Were they really demonic cultivators?”

Clouds of doubt shadowed Fei Si’s heart.

He was the right-hand man of the current City Lord, full of cunning and excelling at schemes. There were many matters that were inconvenient for the City Lord to handle personally; given Chi Dun’s brains, these sorts of things all fell to Fei Si.

Previously, Fei Si had found out that Zhou Zhu of the Zhou Clan was relying on his innate talent to disperse his power rapidly, posing a huge threat to Meng Chong.

Thus, he made some arrangements and activated some hidden cards in the Zhou Clan, plotting against Zhou Zhu and greatly delaying his dispersal of power.

Zheng Jian of the Zheng Clan used an artifact smithing technique to also disperse his power rapidly, so Fei Si schemed against him as well.

Finally, in order to hide his tracks, he sacrificed a death soldier and deliberately attacked Meng Chong. Meng Chong directly killed his assailant, heightening his prestige among the three great clans and indirectly showcasing the might of the City Lord Mansion.

Of course, Meng Chong didn’t know the truth. Aside from Fei Si and the City Lord, this matter was known to no one.

As for the Ning Clan, Fei Si did indeed pay some attention to Ning Xiaohui. But this person was busy negotiating with the clan and trying to gain more benefits for herself. She hadn’t even started dispersing her power yet and didn’t pose a threat at all, so Fei Si didn’t make a move on her.

The City Lord Mansion did have some spies in the Ning Clan, but getting them to assassinate Ning Xiaohui wouldn’t be all that useful. Fei Si figured that it would be better to leave the Ning Clan alone, making it so that the Ning Clan was the only one among the four major forces to not face an attack.

In this situation, what would the Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan think?

Fei Si took advantage of the opportunity to lay down a scheme against the Ning Clan.

And it was precisely because he had done so much that the news of Meng Chong being attacked made him feel like he was facing a great enemy!

“Could it be that the three clans have discovered the truth and are secretly retaliating against us?

“Which clan is it?

“How did the news leak?”

The four forces of Fire Persimmon Immortal City were in a delicate balance. They were all members of the righteous path, so even if they wanted to attack each other, they wouldn’t do it openly. Instead, they would maintain cordiality on the surface while making a move in secret.

Hiring or disguising as demonic cultivators was a rather common method.

Fei Si landed in Purple Sun Villa, kicking up a cloud of dust as wind surged around him.

Looking up, he saw traces of fierce fighting everywhere. Scattered among the ruins of the walls were many cultivator corpses and numerous broken mechanical components.

The peak-stage Foundation Establishment cultivator who had fled from Han Ming with the Space Escape Talisman had now returned.

Seeing Fei Si, the sword cultivator paled and hurriedly stepped forward to salute.

“Desertion during battle? You’ll receive proper punishment later!” Fei Si had received urgent reports on his way here, and knew clearly everything that had transpired during the attack.

The sword cultivator bowed his head and accepted the reprimand on the surface, but internally, he felt not a shred of regret.

His colleague, also a cultivator in the peak of Foundation Establishment, had attacked that mechanism-wielding demonic cultivator and never returned.

It was obvious that he had fallen in battle.

As for himself, at least he was still alive!

As for the so-called punishment, he just had to accept it. As long as he was still alive, anything was possible.

Fei Si passed the sword cultivator and hurried to the alchemy room.

In the alchemy room, Meng Chong crouched over as he tended to Sun Lie, who was lying on the ground.

By this point, Sun Lie’s complexion was much better than before.

Although Meng Chong wasn’t skilled in treatment, Sun Lie was a renowned alchemist and carried many healing pills on his body.

“Young Master Meng Chong, are you okay?” Fei Si had an anxious look on his face, his concern and worry evident from his tone.

Although he already knew that Meng Chong was alright, he had to show some concern here.

Many times, useless nonsense wasn’t really useless; it could convey a person’s attitude, and thus their standpoint.

Meng Chong glanced at Fei Si and nodded his head to show that he was fine.

If you’re really okay, then why are you naked? What’s up with this aroma? Fei Si found it very strange, but would never say it out loud.

He then stared at Sun Lie and spoke in an overbearing tone: “Sun Lie, count yourself lucky that Young Master Meng Chong is alright. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to escape blame!

“Your life is worth nothing. Young Master Meng Chong has a super-grade immortal talent and is the hope of the Meng Clan. Had you dragged him down, not even ten lives would be enough to make up for it!”

Although Sun Lie was a master alchemist, he was only at the peak of the Foundation Establishment stage, not a Golden Core cultivator.

In fact, even if Sun Lie’s cultivation really was in the Golden Core stage, Fei Si would still scold him at a moment like this.

This was his cleverness.

Propped up against the wall, Sun Lie rolled his eyes and Fei Si.

He was a casual person and didn’t like people like Fei Si. Even though Fei Si was a Golden Core cultivator, so what? Sun Lie still dared to scold him back.

They were all righteous cultivators, so they had to act according to the rules of the righteous path.

Cultivation wasn’t everything.

Sun Lie immediately countered Fei Si’s accusations. “Me, drag Meng Chong down? It was your City Lord who personally came to me and asked for my help. Do you think I wanted to get involved in this whole mess with the Lava Immortal Palace?”

As a master alchemist, Sun Lie would receive courtesy and kindness wherever he went. Even though he was somewhat lacking in cultivation, his skills more than made up for it.

Fei Si glanced at the medicinal waste in the furnace and snorted coldly. “Hmph, just look at the results. You failed to help Young Master Meng Chong, and this place was exposed. It’ll be even riskier for him to come here again next time.”

Sun Lie sneered, “Fei Si, which of your ears heard me say that I failed? I succeeded!”

“Huh?” Fei Si was stunned.

“Ah?” Meng Chong was also stunned. “Old Sun, my power hasn’t dispersed yet.”

“Hahaha!” Sun Lie wasn’t in a rush to explain, and instead laughed smugly with his head held high.

Fei Si sneered and pointed at the medicinal waste in the furnace. “Facts speak louder than words. Sun Lie, what’s the point of being stubborn in this situation?”

“Hahaha!” Sun Lie’s laughter was full of mockery.

But soon, his injuries throbbed, and his laughter came to a halt. His expression revealed a hint of pain.

“Cough cough… Blurrgh!” Sun Lie coughed violently, and his throat bobbed as he spat out a mouthful of blood.

This blood smelled strongly of alcohol.

“What a shame, what a shame.” Sun Lie stared at the blood and slapped his thigh.

Meng Chong quickly handed over some pills. “Old Sun, stop talking. Quick, take these pills!”

Sun Lie pushed his hand away. “It’s not like taking more pills is always better. I already took some earlier, and the medicinal power is still being digested slowly. Eating more now won’t do me any good.”

Fei Si narrowed his eyes and realized something strange. “What did you say was a shame?”

Sun Lie stared at the blood on the ground and said, “That stuff’s Thousand Flame Blazing Soul Wine, you know? It’s brewed with thousand-year Spirit Flame Flower, purified soul essence, and water from a flaming spring. It’s a heavy wine with a rich aroma. I’m already almost out!”

Meng Chong sighed. “Old Sun, don’t feel bad, it’s just some Thousand Flame Blazing Soul Wine. I’ll go beg my grandpa to get you another jar.”

Sun Lie grinned and looked up at Meng Chong. “Good boy, worthy of me putting in so much effort to set all this up.”

