Chapter 39: Innate Nature and Innate Talent

"Eh?" Meng Chong was surprised.

Fei Si’s eyes narrowed into thin lines. “What are you talking about? Were you the one who invited those three demonic cultivators?”

“Bullshit!” Sun Lie directly spat out a curse. “You think too much, you know that?”

He shifted his gaze and looked at Meng Chong. “Don’t you feel like something’s strange?”

Meng Chong was stunned for a moment, then slapped his forehead. “Oh, right! Old Sun, you said previously that I can’t leave the Purple Sun Furnace early, or else there wouldn’t be enough pressure and medicinal materials. That would cause my essence, qi, and spirit to drain out, and I would turn into a cripple.

“But now, I obviously jumped out before time, but I’m still okay.”

Sun Lie laughed. “That’s obvious. After all, I was lying to you.”

Meng Chong: "Eh?"

Sun Lie said, “Concocting pills using humans is a demonic path method. How could I, a cultivator of the righteous path, possibly know it?”

Meng Chong: "Eh?"

Sun Lie explained, “To truly disperse your power, you have to start with yourself. Your super-grade innate talent is the key to this.”

Meng Chong asked, “You mean my Ferocious Rushing Thunder?”

Sun Lie nodded. "Exactly.

“Ferocious Rushing Thunder is a super-grade immortal talent, one in a million among cultivators. It’s absolutely an extraordinary asset!

“But I found out that you haven’t truly mastered this talent yet. It’s as if you have within you a precious medicine with outstanding medicinal properties, but can’t draw out its effectiveness. It’s simply a waste of a heavenly blessing!

“As long as you truly utilize this innate talent of yours, you can quickly disperse your power. Maybe not half a day, but one day would definitely be enough time.

“That’s why I set things up to put you in a desperate situation.

“On the verge of life and death, devoting yourself wholeheartedly without any distractions, sacrificing everything else and advancing fearlessly! That is the way to awaken your talent!”

Meng Chong: "Eh?"

The boy blinked and suddenly thought of something. “So does that mean when you asked me to apply honey and cumin, it really was a joke?”

Sun Lie slapped his thigh and laughed. “Of course not. I wouldn’t trick you for something like that!”

Fei Si frowned. “Young Master Meng Chong bears a super-grade immortal talent and is the grandson of Sir City Lord. You actually dressed him up as food for roasting? And even set up a trap? How could you be so sure that doing this could stimulate his immortal talent?”

Sun Lie glanced at Fei Si and said mockingly, “Are you a master alchemist? What do you know?

“All things in this world can be considered medicinal materials.

“The same is true for people. A person’s human nature is also medicinal nature. As long as their human nature is fully stimulated, their medicinal nature will also be stimulated.

“In the demonic path, before adding a human to the furnace, they usually torture them first, filling their hearts with pain, hatred, anger, sorrow, and other emotions. This is also to stimulate their medicinal nature.”

After explaining, Sun Lie turned back to Meng Chong and asked, “Have you ever thought about why your immortal talent is the Ferocious Rushing Thunder and not anything else?”

Meng Chong: “Eh?”

Sun Lie shook his head. “You might think it’s just down to luck, but it’s not! An immortal talent is not only the favor of heaven and earth, but also closely related to you yourself.

“It is because your innate nature is brave and fearless, hating complexity and preferring simplicity. This straightforward nature of yours is the true source of your innate talent!

“A person’s innate talent and their innate nature actually correspond to and complement each other.

“Therefore, as long as you fully stimulate your innate nature, with the assistance of some alchemical methods, you can also stimulate your innate talent.

“I carefully selected those medicinal materials in the furnace. They were by no means useless.”

Fei Si narrowed his eyes, and a flicker of light flashed through his pupils. Listening until now, he finally understood Sun Lie’s plans.

Sun Lie looked at Meng Chong. “Sending you into the Purple Sun Furnace, talking about using you as a human ingredient, and having you apply honey and cumin to yourself were all distractions.

“Originally, I was going to pretend that I fell asleep from drunkenness during the alchemy process and leave you roasting in there for a long time. That way, you would mistakenly feel like you were in a desperate situation.

“I planned to use this to stimulate the innate nature deep in your bones.

“As long as you broke out of the furnace, ignoring my previous threats and overturning the heavy pressure I placed on your shoulders, your true nature would also break out.

“Combining that nature with pill energy, and mixing it with your dispersing magical power, would not only stimulate your Ferocious Rushing Thunder but also increase its might by more than tenfold.”

At this point, Sun Lie sighed.

“Your mettle is revealed in the face of crisis, and your true character shows itself between life and death.

“If you want to clearly see someone’s nature, just look at their choices during a life-and-death crisis.”

Meng Chong nodded. “So that’s how it is.”

He suddenly came to a realization.

In the past, his innate talent of Ferocious Rushing Thunder was sometimes effective and sometimes not.

“Just now, all I wanted was to kill that demonic cultivator! When my Ferocious Rushing Thunder erupted at the critical moment, I thought I had just gotten lucky.

“And its power was also so strong, completely different from before.

“Old Sun, so it was all thanks to you!”

Sun Lie smiled. “Honestly, even I didn’t expect that demonic cultivators would attack Purple Sun Villa today.

“At that time, my life was truly hanging by a thread. But you rushed out of the furnace to save me, disregarding your own life and death.

“Kid, I’ll remember this favor!”

Sun Lie gave Meng Chong a thumbs up.

After this incident, he had a very positive view of Meng Chong.

Meng Chong puffed out his chest and raised his chin. “I am surnamed Meng, and my Meng Clan is the greatest clan in Southern Bean Immortal Kingdom. How could I shrink back in battle? How could I just sit back and watch as my comrades are killed?

“To be honest, I wasn’t even thinking. Your previous warnings completely disappeared from my mind.

“At that time, I was full of anger and wanted to punch that demonic cultivator into pieces, so I just rushed out.”

Sun Lie praised, “That was precisely your innate nature being stimulated.

“In my opinion, with a super-grade immortal talent like yours, you don’t need to compete for some mechanical arts inheritance. Cultivation has a hundred arts, and mechanical arts isn’t suited for you at all.

“What suits you is a technique that allows you to rush forward freely.”

Fei Si coughed to interrupt Sun Lie’s speech.

Sun Lie was currently belittling the City Lord’s own decision. As a close subordinate of the City Lord, Fei Si naturally had to defend him.

Fei Si said, “Three Schools Supreme Sage was a powerhouse at the Void Refining stage, and he left more than one palace behind. It’s just that the Lava Immortal Palace is a mechanical immortal city, so its inheritance relates to the mechanical arts.

“Actually, according to the information collected by Sir City Lord and some further inferences, it’s not that the Lava Immortal Palace’s inheritance is solely limited to mechanical arts.

“Three Schools Supreme Sage relied on his own opportunities to cultivate three different paths, a rarity in the world. It’s said that in his later years, he invented a miraculous technique that allows for the simultaneous cultivation of all three paths together. The Lava Immortal Palace is something he left behind after that.

“The Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation that came from the Technique Transmission Bell is very interesting. Although it’s a Daoist technique, it also contains influences from Buddhism and the demonic way. After studying this technique, Sir City Lord speculated that there are probably two more complementary techniques to be used for the other two dantians.

“You tell me, if you use these three miraculous cultivation techniques to establish a foundation, how deep will your cultivation foundation be? How many Foundation Establishment techniques in this world can cultivate three dantians at the same time?”

