Chapter 4: Deep Knowledge[^1]

Ning Zhuo walked over to the furnace in the corner. A raging flame blazed inside the furnace, constantly licking at a mechanical monkey that stood half a human high.

This mechanical monkey was standing straight, its bright red fur extremely lifelike. However, its muscles were slowly melting from the heat and flowed out from every crack in the frame.

The Lava Immortal Palace was hidden inside a volcano. Ning Zhuo needed to have this explosive fire monkey carry a thousand jin of fire essence, swim through the lava, and self-destruct once it reached the surface of the immortal palace.

But with its current structure, its muscles would melt before it got there.

“Cloud-patterned soft silver doesn’t work. Let’s try the next one.”

Ning Zhuo sat back down at the workbench. According to his plan, the next material to test was petroleum mud.

The reddish-brown petroleum mud exuded a pungent smell.

Ning Zhuo took out a small wooden hammer and began striking the petroleum mud. Every time the hammer struck, a dull thud rang out, and clods of dirt fell out of the mud. Whenever a spark appeared on the reddish-brown petroleum mud, a burst of cold air would emerge from the wooden hammer and extinguish it.

This small wooden hammer was something Ning Zhuo had designed especially to deal with petroleum mud.

If an examiner from the clan examination saw this scene, they would immediately give Ning Zhuo an “exceptional” for his talisman score.

The three most common scores were “inferior”, “average”, and “superior”.

As for “exceptional”, it was extremely rare, and in any given exam it was likely that not even one would appear. It was a score given only when the normal standards were no longer enough to describe a student’s excellence!

After all the dirt was cleaned out, what remained was a chunk of reddish mud covered in a layer of oil.

Ning Zhuo took out a cotton handkerchief and used it to cover the petroleum mud. As he input magical power, the formation on the handkerchief quickly absorbed the layer of oil.

This handkerchief was also designed by Ning Zhuo. Unlike the hammer, however, it didn’t use the power of talismans, instead having a micro-formation arranged on it.

This micro-formation was also at the level of “exceptional”.

After carefully making sure that the petroleum mud was properly processed, he began to knead it.

The processed petroleum mud was sticky and pliable, and as Ning Zhuo kneaded it into a soft and delicate state, any remaining impurities in the mud were flushed out by the infusion of magical power.

Ning Zhuo then took apart one of the mechanical monkey’s arms and attached the processed petroleum mud to the bones. Under the illumination of spirit light, his ten fair fingers moved swiftly and delicately without regard for the passage of time. At this moment, he exuded a diligent sort of charm.

As he molded the petroleum mud, blood-red muscles gradually covered the mechanical monkey’s arm bones. Of course, Ning Zhuo didn’t just shape the exterior with his hands. His magical power coursed through the petroleum mud, shaping it from the inside as well.

If you took out a knife and gently sliced the mud open, you would find that the insides of the red mud had already taken the shape of entwining muscle fibers.

This incredible proficiency in shaping material would be enough to make the academy elder cry out in shock. If Ning Zhuo revealed this skill, the academy elder would definitely give him attention and promote him heavily. After all, the appearance of such a genius would of course be due to the academy elder’s own talent and hard work.

After the molding was complete, Ning Zhuo put the arm through a variety of tests.

“No good. The petroleum mud’s heat resistance is excellent, but its compatibility with magical power is rather poor. I’ll have to improve it.”

Ning Zhuo began to think.

“Petroleum mud mixed with thunder sand will turn into an explosive. It’s often used to blast open mountains or fend off monsters.

“Petroleum mud mixed with different poisons can be refined into poison pills. When crushed, these pills will release poisonous smoke that can block enemies.

“Petroleum mud can also be mixed with coal stone. If you then place it into a furnace, it will burn stably at a high temperature for a long time.”

…

Over the years, Ning Zhuo had tried to learn everything he could. During his free days, he would often stay in the clan library from dawn to dusk, forgetting to even eat or sleep.

No one knew that Ning Zhuo, who looked ordinary, could actually be considered a human-shaped library!

Ning Zhuo recalled everything he knew about petroleum mud, but didn’t find any methods of improving it.

“It doesn’t matter. I’ll devise a formula myself!”

The ambitious young man’s eyes shone with confidence.

“Petroleum mud is warm in nature, related to the blood vessels of the heart and liver. Its heat can expel moisture and chilliness from the bones. Taking a small amount can treat abdominal pain caused by the cold.

“If mixed with moonlit well water, the harmonization of fire and water can possibly reduce the overall weight.

“If the tail feathers of the firstflight bird are used as a catalyst… maybe the addition of dynamic wind will improve the petroleum mud’s performance.

“The catkins of a spirit concealment willow might also work. If I put them together and take reference from the formulae of the Soft Spirit Pill and Clear Dust Powder for the ratio, it should greatly reduce the weight of the final product.”

……

Ning Zhuo was quick-witted and had a deep understanding of alchemical principles. Thus, he was able to use his logic to quickly think of multiple plausible formulas.

With this degree of proficiency, an “exceptional” score in alchemy was nothing. The Ning Clan would definitely lock him up and keep him close.

Ning Zhuo began trying to refine the new mixture. Looking through his stock of ingredients, he found at least seven options to experiment with.

Moonlit well water?

Failure.

The finished mud was slightly less viscous, slightly lighter, and its fire resistance was much weaker than before.

Firstflight bird’s tail feathers?

Major failure.

What came out wasn’t mud, but a pile of dust.

Ning Zhuo happily thought: “The wind element in the firstflight bird’s feathers is too strong. I’ve gained a deeper understanding of this material.”

The third attempt was with the catkins of the spirit concealment willow.

After the catkin patterns finished sinking into the petroleum mud, its viscosity remained unchanged, its fire resistance weakened very slightly, and its weight decreased sharply. This new mixture passed the rest of Ning Zhuo’s tests one by one.

“Lucky! I didn’t expect to succeed on the third try… huh?”

Ning Zhuo hadn’t been happy for long when he saw the catkin patterns in the mud float back up by themselves. This change caused the quality of the mud to immediately deteriorate.

The new mud mixture wasn’t stable!

Ning Zhuo moved on to the fourth experiment. It failed.

After thinking about it, he didn’t continue experimenting, but focused his attention on the formula involving the spirit concealment willow.

“This formula is almost perfect, and the issue magical power compatibility is completely solved. All I need is to make sure it’s stable. What should I do?”

After solving one problem, another popped up.

Ning Zhuo wasn’t discouraged at all. In fact, he eagerly immersed himself in thinking of a solution. He wasn’t bored or frustrated in the slightest; there was only joy welling up from the bottom of his heart.

As his thoughts turned rapidly, he felt the value of his existence. He knew that he was creating something that didn’t exist in nature!

Nothing else could match this anticipation and sense of accomplishment.

Others might feel tortured, but for Ning Zhuo, thinking so hard only made him feel bliss.

Ning Zhuo had no concept of time passing as he continued immersing himself in deep thought. Suddenly, his eyes lit up.

“To solve this problem, I’ll need to use dynamic formations.”

However, this kind of knowledge was far beyond the scope of what could be found in the Ning Clan’s academy.

Ning Zhuo stood up and paced back and forth in the underground workshop.

After thinking for a moment, he stopped and slightly raised his head, having made up his mind: “Chen Cha[^2]… is a well-known formation master who is skilled in dynamic formations. More importantly, he’s also a mechanical art master.

“It’s time for me to contact him.”

Notes:

[^1]: The title of this chapter is 开物, which is an idiom referring to knowledge of the truth of all things. It’s also part of this novel’s real title, 仙工开物, which is a play on the real-life 天工开物, which is a kind of encyclopedia of science and technology. If you were to translate the title more literally, it might be something like “Knowledge of the Works of Immortals”, or “Knowledge of Immortal Craftsmanship”. 开 and 物 separately have even more definitions, so it might also be “Operating the Works of Immortals” or something like that. This is all really just gleaned from wiktionary + google translated baidu though, so take it with a grain of salt.

[^2] Chen Cha – 陳茶 – Chen is a surname, and Cha means tea.

