Chapter 40: Throw Them All Away!

Sun Lie’s mouth was slightly agape after hearing this. A while later, he shook his head. “Extremely few. So as it turns out, the real treasure of the Lava Immortal Palace isn’t the mechanical arts inheritance? Instead, it’s the techniques that allow you to establish a foundation with three paths and three dantians?”

Fei Si nodded. “Sir City Lord is wise and far-sighted. How could we randomly guess at his thoughts?

“Mechanical arts has always been niche among the hundred arts of cultivation. What’s so good about the inheritance?

“The triple foundation techniques are the truly valuable treasures!”

Sun Lie nodded and sighed. “So that’s how it is.”

Meng Chong clenched his fists, full of fighting spirit. “I’m going to obtain the techniques of the three schools and cultivate the upper, middle, and lower dantians at the same time!

“I can’t wait. Old Sun, quick, tell me how to use my Ferocious Rushing Thunder to disperse my power!”

Sun Lie laughed. “It’s very simple.

“At this point, you should be able to actively control your Ferocious Rushing Thunder.

“When you disperse your power, just activate the Ferocious Rushing Thunder at the same time to speed up the process.

“Ferocious Rushing Thunder is a talent with a wide array of usages. It’s not only useful for dispersing power; it can also improve the rate at which you accumulate magical power later.

“In the heat of battle, it can bless you with the power of thunder and counter yin-aligned opponents.

“If an ordinary cultivator wants to learn a divine ability, they have to start with a lifebound spell. But your Ferocious Rushing Thunder immortal talent is equivalent to the seed of a divine ability. If you continue to strengthen and improve it, it will eventually turn into a true divine ability!

“There are other applications as well. You’ll slowly learn about them in the future.

“But you should remember that this talent consumes your three treasures of essence, qi, and spirit. You mustn’t use it excessively.”

Meng Chong made a noise of acknowledgment and cupped his fists in gratitude.

Sun Lie looked at Fei Si again. “Han Ming has repeatedly come to attack me, and is completely obsessed with the Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets.

“Considering her identity as a disciple of the Soul Devouring Sect, I tolerated her and didn’t pursue her transgressions.

“But today, she actually tried to kill me! She and I are henceforth mortal enemies!

“Those six Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets all have an odorless medicinal fragrance I added. Let me concoct a pill for you; once you take it, you’ll be able to smell the medicinal fragrance.

“Follow the medicinal fragrance, and you’ll find the Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets! Even if they’ve already been taken, as long as the fragrance hasn’t been detected and cleansed, you can still track them down for a few months.”

Although Sun Lie was a rough person, he had lived in the world of cultivation for so many years already. He wasn’t some harmless herbivore.

He had cleverly arranged a situation to stimulate Meng Chong’s nature. How could such a person lack in schemes?

Fei Si nodded and changed his attitude. “As expected of a master alchemist. I misunderstood you previously. Please forgive me.”

He was a Golden Core cultivator. His politeness toward someone in the Foundation Establishment stage won some respect from Sun Lie.

Sun Lie was also an old hand, so he nodded slightly and no longer mocked Fei Si, instead giving praise in a meaningful voice. “Sir City Lord has a good subordinate.”

…

After dividing the spoils, Sun Lingtong and Ning Zhuo, in the guise of Hanging-Hair Traveler, said their farewells.

Ning Zhuo’s voice was hoarse and his expression was inscrutable. “Boss Sun, thanks for your help. I will remember this favor.”

Sun Lingtong chuckled and said, “In that case, why don’t you reconsider my proposal from last time?”

“Join the Spaceless Sect?” Ning Zhuo shook his head. “Not interested.”

Ning Zhuo was a member of the Ning Clan, a faction of the righteous path, and he was currently invested in plotting against the Lava Immortal Palace. Why would he give up his current good life and join the demonic path?

Well, strictly speaking, the Spaceless Sect was not a sect of the demonic path. However, it was definitely a heterodox faction.

Sun Lingtong shook his head as well. “Too bad, you’re an excellent prospect.”

This suddenly gave Ning Zhuo pause.

In the Lava Immortal Palace, he had guessed that he might have a hidden innate talent, and that this innate talent was better than his Early Wisdom.

Thinking of this now, Ning Zhuo probed, “I heard that the Spaceless Sect likes recruiting cultivators with innate talents related to the hands. For example, the Snatching Fragrance Stealing Jade Hand, Void Dislocation Hand, Flowing Light Weaving Shadow Hand, Seven Skillful Hand, Cloud Piercing Hand, and so on.

“Boss Sun, do I have this kind of innate talent? Is that why you think so highly of me?”

Sun Lingtong shook his head. “I’m not the guiding elder who brings people into the sect, how should I know?

“I just feel like you’re born to be a man of the demonic path.”

Ning Zhuo’s voice sank. “Don’t make such jokes in the future.”

Sun Lingtong glared and shouted, “You don’t believe me? You should know, my eyes are the best when it comes to judging people, I-”

“Enough.” Ning Zhuo interrupted.

Sun Lingtong chuckled. “Fine, whatever. What should we do with these stolen pills?”

Ning Zhuo said, “My real goal was to capture Han Ming alive. These pills are too hot to handle, so let’s just throw them away.

“Sun Lie suffered Han Ming’s harassment for so long; I won’t believe it if you tell me he didn’t tamper with the pills somehow.”

Sun Lingtong gave a thumbs up. “Brother, you’re still as cautious as ever. But isn’t it a pity to just get rid of them like this?

“With my Spaceless Sect’s methods, as long as you give me some time, even the most secretive tampering can be undone.

"After all, Sun Lie is only at the peak of Foundation Establishment."

Ning Zhuo shook his head. “I don’t think you should do that.

“We accidentally ran into Meng Chong this time. He’s the grandson of a Nascent Soul cultivator, and our actions might be interpreted as someone plotting against him.

“By now, Fei Si has probably already started investigating us.

“There’s not enough time to check the pills. To be safe, you should deal with them right away!” Ning Zhuo said with emphasis.

Sun Lingtong patted his chest and nodded. “You’re right, I still want to stay in this Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

“But, how should we deal with these pills?”

Ning Zhuo snorted coldly. “Isn’t it simple? Just toss them into Fire Persimmon Forest.”

Sun Lingtong was stunned, then his eyes lit up. He clapped his hands and spoke words of praise. “Great idea, amazing idea!”

After parting with Sun Lingtong, Ning Zhuo took his spoils and returned to the underground base.

…

In a dark underground prison cell.

A basin of cold water was splashed on Han Ming’s face.

Han Ming’s head was lowered and her eyes were closed. She didn’t move.

In the guise of Hanging-Hair Traveler, Ning Zhuo laughed mockingly in a hoarse voice. “Han Ming, stop faking it. You woke up five minutes ago.”

Han Ming gritted her teeth and suddenly opened her eyes, not concealing her hatred and killing intent in the slightest.

“How dare you turn on me?!

“I am a disciple of the Soul Devouring Sect. If you want to kill me, think about the consequences first!”

Ning Zhuo sighed internally. All he wanted to do was work hard in secret and pursue the Lava Immortal Palace while hiding himself. Not once had he thought of offending any demonic sects.

But he had no choice.

In his current situation, he could only grit his teeth and move forward. If he took a step back – no, if he so much as slowed down – he would fall into an endless abyss.

“Even a rabbit forced into a corner will bite, let alone a person.”

However, there was no need to broadcast his internal helplessness to the world.

Ning Zhuo looked at Han Ming and stared at her silently.

His gaze struck terror into Han Ming’s heart.

Gradually, she misunderstood something, and her expression softened. She adopted a helpless and weak attitude, speaking with the tone of someone agreeing to a compromise for the sake of survival. “Alright, I admit defeat. As long as you let me go, I’ll do anything you ask.”

