Chapter 41: Help Me Cultivate

Han Ming’s face was beautiful to begin with. Now, she had lowered her stance from strong and cold to meek and humble, giving off a feeling that made the heart flutter.

Beneath the Iron Will Gray Armor’s mask, Ning Zhuo’s face was completely calm.

He took out Han Ming’s magic artifact, the Soul Capturing Shuttle, and said, “I heard that your Soul Devouring Sect has a technique that allows you to increase the foundation of your soul by devouring those of others.

“If you reverse this technique, you can purify your own soul essence with a magic artifact and infuse it into someone else. Although this method is inefficient in terms of energy conversion, it has no negative aftereffects.

“With this technique, the predecessors who are about to die can transfer their soul power and instantly grant a younger cultivator a powerful soul foundation. This is one of the main reasons your Soul Devouring Sect has become a major sect of the demonic path.

“Han Ming, what I want is for you to help me cultivate.”

Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellets were pills; Ning Zhuo’s soul wouldn’t be able to bring them into the palace.

Even if he took some before entering the palace, their medicinal effects wouldn’t last long.

Since that was the case, Ning Zhuo would rather increase his soul foundation directly.

When he saw Han Ming’s name in the information about the Phoenix Soul Blood Fragrance Pellet, he decided to capture her alive.

Hearing Hanging-Hair Traveler’s words, Han Ming’s eyes widened, and a chill crept into her heart. “I see now! Your real target was me!

“The attack on Purple Sun Villa was just a feint!

“This was a trap, a vicious trap!”

Han Ming screamed and struggled violently against the heavy chain binding her tightly.

The other end of the chain was firmly fixed to the wall of the cell. As it whipped and snapped, it collided with the wall and caused clanging sounds to echo out.

Ning Zhuo, in the guise of Hanging-Hair Traveler, simply watched her in silence. After Han Ming had calmed down, he said, “Don’t get too worked up. It’s bad for your injuries.”

Han Ming had just regained her composure, but when she heard Ning Zhuo’s words, she immediately became enraged again, letting loose a string of curses.

Ning Zhuo listened quietly, waiting until Han Ming was too tired to keep cursing.

“Would you like some water?”

Ning Zhuo moved a finger slightly, and a wire formed from magical power extended from his fingertip. Under the control of the wire, a puppet carrying a cup of water came over and climbed Han Ming, going from her foot to her thigh to her abdomen and finally stepping on her chest as it held up a cup of water to her lips.

Han Ming’s breathing turned heavy again.

But she had already used up a lot of energy struggling and cursing just now. After glaring furiously at Ning Zhuo, she finally turned her gaze to the cup of water.

Then, she lowered her head to drink.

She was indeed very thirsty.

Most importantly, she knew that she was currently a prisoner. If this Hanging-Hair Traveler wanted to hurt her, there were plenty of methods to do so. There was no point in poisoning the water.

After relieving her thirst, Han Ming became a little calmer.

“There’s just one thing I don’t understand!” Han Ming raised her head, frowning as she stared at Hanging-Hair Traveler’s face. “Sun Lingtong is a disciple of the Spaceless Sect. Why would he cooperate with you? What is your relationship?”

Ning Zhuo smiled faintly: “I’ve been buying intelligence from him for more than ten years.

“I have watched him grow step by step, gaining a firm foothold here and finally taking control of Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s black market.

“Our interests are deeply intertwined.”

Han Ming snorted coldly. “That’s it? With just that, he decided to help you capture me? He risked offending the Soul Devouring Sect for just that?

“What if an accident happened and I escaped? Both of you would be finished!

“People like us aren’t bound by the rules of the righteous path.”

Ning Zhuo smiled faintly again. “Did you escape? Did you manage to tell anyone?”

Han Ming: …

Ning Zhuo continued, “The attack on Purple Sun Villa wasn’t entirely a feint. At the very least, we did get a lot of pills.”

These words caused Han Ming to become agitated once again.

“You damn bastards! My sect will avenge me! They’ll flay your skin, grind your bones, crush your souls, and grant you unending pain!”

Ning Zhuo waved his hand. “Calm down, calm down.

“Getting upset isn’t good for your health.

“Didn’t you just promise to do whatever I asked? Then come help me cultivate.”

“Hahaha.” Han Ming raised her head and cackled shrilly, laughing so hard that she started to tear up.

“Ptui!” She suddenly stopped laughing and spat at Ning Zhuo. Voice full of hatred, she said, “You’re dreaming!”

Her spit was blocked by Ning Zhuo’s magical power and fell uselessly to the ground.

Han Ming’s voice was icy cold. “My current soul foundation is the result of years of hard cultivation and painstaking accumulation. You want me to drain my own soul power and help you cultivate? Hehe, your face is so ugly, but you have such beautiful dreams!”

“Painstaking accumulation?” Ning Zhuo was puzzled and replied, “Your Soul Devouring Sect’s Nine Turns Soul Devouring Incantation devours the souls of others to increase your soul foundation. This is obviously ruthless plundering, how could you call it painstaking accumulation?”

This was the biggest difference between the demonic path and the righteous path.

When righteous cultivators cultivated, they normally used the power of nature or various flora and fauna.

As for demonic cultivators, their cultivation resources came from other cultivators themselves. For example, things like blood, souls, bodies, etc.

Han Ming refuted, “Ignorant outsider, you only know half the truth!

“Do you think the Nine Turns Soul Devouring Incantation is so easy to cultivate? You think it can devour a hundred percent of a soul’s power and add it to your soul foundation?

“Hmph! If cultivation was so simple, my Soul Devouring Sect wouldn’t be just a major sect of the demonic path. We would have unified the whole demonic path a long time ago!

“Fifty percent! Fifty percent at most!

“The specific amount is dependent on the degree of affinity between the devoured soul and your own body.

“Moreover, you can’t swallow souls too often.

“It’s just like eating. If you eat too much, you’ll bloat up and die.

“We require a lot of time and numerous auxiliary resources to help digest devoured souls.

“If we don’t digest them thoroughly, our own souls will become misshapen, which leaves huge hidden dangers.

“Of course, there are many Soul Devouring Sect members who are overly eager for rapid success. They ignore their misshapen souls and devour the souls of other crazily, leading their strength to quickly advance by leaps and bounds. But those who do this definitely have no future to speak of.”

Han Ming wasn’t short-sighted. She had the low-grade innate talent of Yin Corpse Qi; with this alone, she surpassed most other cultivators.

She had always made sure to thoroughly digest other souls to keep her own soul pure.

It was all for the sake of her future.

And it was precisely because of this that she was extremely opposed to helping Ning Zhuo. She had painstakingly cultivated step by step to reach her current level of soul foundation, and now she was supposed to just hand it over to someone else?

Impossible.

Especially since that ‘someone else’ was her enemy!

“Don’t even think about getting me to help you! It’d be better for you to just kill me!” Han Ming was very cunning.

She could see that Ning Zhuo needed her, and was thus fearless. Her words were a deliberate attempt at gaining some leverage.

Ning Zhuo sighed faintly. “I’m speaking nicely in hopes that you will cooperate willingly.

“If you help me, I can promise to free you after a while.”

