Chapter 42: Control Rod Forcing Others, Who is the Demon?

“Ha, you think I’d believe you?” Han Ming sneered.

Ning Zhuo’s voice turned cold. “Since you won’t cooperate willingly, I can only use force.”

As he spoke, Ning Zhuo took out some tools.

These were mechanical needles with differing length and thickness.

“What are you planning to do to me?” Seeing Hanging-Hair Traveler walking toward her step by step, Han Ming began to panic.

Ning Zhuo tried to speak as gently as he could. “Some of these mechanical needles are a little thick, so you might feel a bit of pain. Just bear with it.”

More than a dozen mechanical puppets, each carrying a few mechanical needles, quickly scaled Han Ming’s body.

“You old villain, just kill me… AH!”

Han Ming’s body trembled all over as she threw back her head and screamed. Her shrill cries echoed chillingly in the prison cell.

A while later, dozens of mechanical needles had been inserted all over her body. They were stabbed into various joints, acupuncture points, and even at the front and back of her head.

The thin needles were fine, but some of the thicker needles had blood oozing out around them.

Ning Zhuo took a deep breath and activated the secret technique to control the needles.

The various mechanical needles rose and fell continuously under his control. Some drilled deeper into her body, while others whirred outside.

“AAAAHH!!” Han Ming screamed again, loud enough to pierce a bystander’s eardrums.

Her body twisted violently in agony, and her slender fingers tightly squeezed the cold iron chain. It wasn’t long before her fingertips started bleeding due to squeezing with excessive force.

But this pain was nothing compared to the pain caused by the needles.

Ning Zhuo concentrated with all his might and activated the Buddha Heart Demon Seal in his divine sea!

This treasure seal stood like a great mountain in his divine sea. The demon engraving on one end began emitting a red, demonic light.

The same demonic light soon appeared on the various mechanical needles that were penetrating Han Ming’s body.

A moment later, a pink heart seal shot out from Ning Zhuo’s body and flew into Han Ming’s heart.

Han Ming’s screams gradually ceased, and a strong sense of terror filled her mind.

She discovered that her body was no longer under her control, and it was circulating the Nine-Turns Soul Devouring Incantation all on its own!

“No, no!” Han Ming’s pupils shrank to pinpoints, but she couldn’t stop herself.

Soon, the technique began drawing out her soul essence.

At this moment, Ning Zhuo released his hold on her and tossed out the Soul Capturing Shuttle.

The shuttle didn’t fall to the ground; instead, Han Ming controlled it to slowly float in front of her.

Then, the tip of the Soul Capturing Shuttle gently pierced her chest.

The Soul Capturing Shuttle began using its power.

Han Ming had never expected that she would have a day like this!

She had killed thousands of people with the Soul Capturing Shuttle and brought disaster to countless more. But today, that very weapon was now being used against its master.

And the one wielding the shuttle was none other than herself!

The Soul Capturing Shuttle trembled slightly, and the pure soul essence that Han Ming had accumulated throughout her lifetimes was gradually sucked away.

As the soul essence entering the Soul Capturing Shuttle gradually approached full capacity, the entire shuttle began shining with a faint cold light.

Soon, the Soul Capturing Shuttle was completely filled up and returned to Ning Zhuo’s control.

Han Ming’s complexion was deathly pale, and her body slumped down as if she had lost all her bones. The only reason she remained standing was because her wrists, shoulders, and other parts were chained to the wall.

“What did you just do to me? What kind of trick was that?”

Han Ming looked up and stared at Ning Zhuo in horror.

“Are you from the Phantom Sect? Was that the Soul-Enchanting Grand Magic just now?

“Or are you a person of the Gu Bewitchment Church? Did you use a gu on me?

“No, none of those are right…”

Her whole body was shaking, and her very heart trembled. All her confidence and self-assurance had completely disappeared.

Beneath the Iron Will Gray Armor’s mask, blood was already leaking from Ning Zhuo’s nose.

The Buddha Heart Demon Seal, a Buddha to the self and a demon to others.

If he used the Buddha Heart Demon Seal by itself, targets of the same level could be directly influenced, but usually only for a moment. If he was facing someone with a higher level of cultivation, the seal’s power was even more limited; he could only use it to guide the target’s thinking and not directly tamper with their mind.

But if other means were used to assist, like those mechanical needles, the seal’s effectiveness would greatly increase.

Just now, Ning Zhuo had used the heart seal to give Han Ming an order – “Use the Nine Turns Soul Devouring Incantation and pass on your soul foundation to the person in front of you.”

With the help of the mechanical needles, Han Ming had indeed followed this order.

Her own lack of willingness didn’t matter at all!

“In the mechanical arts secret records that my mother left behind, there were more kinds of control rods – the 十-head control rod, the 干-head control rod, and the 王-head control rod. Unfortunately, my cultivation is too shallow and can’t use these more powerful control rods.

“For the time being, I can only use these 一-head control rods.”

Ning Zhuo’s mother was a mechanical arts cultivator, and Ning Zhuo’s accomplishments in mechanical arts mostly originated from her mechanical arts secret records.

Hanging wires and control rods were the two mainstream methods of controlling mechanical constructs.

Just now, Ning Zhuo had treated Han Ming as a mechanical construct and controlled her.

Of course, by themselves, even 王-shaped control rods wouldn’t be so effective. The only way would be if Ning Zhuo’s cultivation level far surpassed Han Ming’s, or his mechanical arts skills were hundreds of times stronger than their current level.

This qualitative leap in efficacy was all thanks to the Buddha Heart Demon Seal!

This combination was something that Ning Zhuo had gradually discovered on his own.

The advantages of this method were obvious. However, there was a disadvantage – the target would quickly perish, making them a limited-use item.

Ning Zhuo wasn’t in a hurry to absorb the soul essence and instead carefully checked on Han Ming’s injuries.

“Your cultivation technique is excellent, and many parts of your body have successfully zombified. This means you can last longer. Good, very good.” Ning Zhuo’s voice was full of praise.

Hearing these words, Han Ming couldn’t hold on any longer. Her anger rushed to her head, and she fainted.

Meanwhile…

Meng Chong rushed back to the City Lord Mansion. He ran to the cultivation room, not wasting a moment before beginning to disperse his power.

Super-grade innate talent - Ferocious Rushing Thunder!

Lightning crackled on his body, and his essence, qi, and spirit plummeted rapidly.

Using lightning to disperse his power was amazingly effective!

Eyes full of lightning, Meng Chong shouted in surprise, “At this rate, all my magical power will disappear by the time tomorrow comes! I’ll be able to start recultivating!

“I see, I get it now!

“Ferocious Rushing Thunder is my greatest asset. From now on, I will be bold and fearless, rushing forward without worrying about anything else!”

Meng Chong was immersed in the joy of a breakthrough.

He discovered that the more he rushed forward singlemindedly, the stronger his Ferocious Rushing Thunder became, and even his control over it improved.

“Sure enough, as long as I express my innate nature, my innate talent will become stronger and stronger!

“Old Sun, you’re so awesome. Hahaha!”

…

In the underground prison cell.

Ning Zhuo ignored the unconscious Han Ming.

He went to the neighboring room and got out of his armor. Holding the Soul Capturing Shuttle in his hand, he gently pressed it to his skin.

The next moment, a stream of cool, pure, and gentle soul power flowed out of the Soul Capturing Shuttle and into his soul.

Ning Zhuo’s pupils expanded as he took a step backward. An extremely comfortable feeling filled his body and mind.

It was like jumping into a cool lake during the hottest day of summer.

His soul foundation rose rapidly, soon exceeding his sixteen years of accumulation. At this point, the power of his soul had already doubled!

And yet, only half of the soul essence in the Soul Capturing Shuttle had been consumed.

A few breaths later, the Soul Capturing Shuttle was emptied out, and the previously faint cold light completely disappeared.

“Refreshing, too refreshing.” Ning Zhuo felt extremely comfortable, better than ever before.

Then, he noticed something strange.

He felt as if his left arm was slightly warm.

"What's going on?"

Just like Meng Chong, he was surprised and happy. “My left arm is heating up. Did something trigger my innate talent? Is it starting to manifest itself?”

Ning Zhuo became anxious.

If he could find the triggering condition, he could continue to cultivate this innate talent and make it fully manifest.

“What’s the condition?

“Is it because I absorbed pure soul essence?

“Or is it because I dealt with a demonic cultivator, punishing evil and upholding justice in the world?”

