Chapter 43: A Person Must Be Humble

The warmth in Ning Zhuo’s left arm lasted for a while before gradually disappearing.

“What exactly is this innate talent? I’ll have to find out in the future.”

Ning Zhuo put this matter aside for the time being and examined himself. He soon confirmed that his soul foundation had tripled in depth!

This was an immense harvest.

“Han Ming can still be used, this was only the first time.”

The young man was looking forward to the future.

He went back to the prison cell and fed a medicinal pill to the unconscious Han Ming.

Then, he entered the teleportation room again and returned to his underground workshop.

He began reviewing the day’s events.

The risk he took had undoubtedly paid off.

Han Ming had been captured, his soul foundation had tripled, and the matter of removing his name from the ranking was on the verge of success.

Moreover, Ning Zhuo had also obtained a very valuable piece of information.

That was – Meng Chong had yet to finish dispersing his power!

This explained why Ning Zhuo was the only one on the ranking.

Of course, he had also sacrificed a lot.

Sun Lingtong’s help didn’t come for free. He’d had to give up nearly half of his accumulated wealth.

Before today, only 10% of the Foundation Establishment Pill in the Iron Will Gray Armor had remained. Now, 70% of that had been consumed, leaving only 3% of the total remaining.

In addition, his identity as Hanging-Hair Traveler could no longer be used. That disguise would definitely become a wanted criminal after today.

“But it was all worth it.”

Even if the Iron Will Gray Armor became completely defunct and he had to use up all his wealth, Ning Zhuo wouldn’t hesitate in the slightest.

Ning Zhuo’s thoughts were clear. In this situation, preserving his life was more important than anything else.

“The issue of the Foundation Establishment Pill is rather urgent.

“Should I buy one through Sun Lingtong? His black market connections would make it much easier for him.”

Ning Zhuo hesitated.

“It would be best if there were Foundation Establishment Pills among the rewards for clearing levels in the immortal palace.

“But so far, all the clear rewards have been related to mechanical arts.”

Ning Zhuo temporarily couldn’t come to a decision.

This wasn’t a question of his trust in Sun Lingtong. Instead, it was because medicinal pills like Foundation Establishment pills were extremely important, and had always been strictly controlled by the various major factions.

A vast majority of cultivators lacked innate talents or special techniques. If they wanted to cultivate to the Foundation Establishment stage, they mostly had to rely on Foundation Establishment Pills.

The supply of Foundation Establishment Pills was in the hands of the major factions, allowing them to help their own disciples breakthrough and expand their scale of influence.

The competition over Foundation Establishment Pills even spread to the medicinal ingredients market, and the main medicinal ingredients were all heavily regulated.

Controlling the sales of these medicinal ingredients could limit the production of Foundation Establishment Pills in other factions, giving rise to indirect suppression.

And a faction’s own Foundation Establishment Pills could also be used to recruit outside talent.

In general, Foundation Establishment Pills were all used up internally and rarely made it outside. Those circulating in the market were also clearly accounted for.

Foundation Establishment Pills were often headliner items for auctions, always the subject of fierce bidding wars.

Very, very few Foundation Establishment Pills could be found in the black market. Even if there were some, they were mostly bait thrown out by certain factions.

Ning Zhuo had been gathering information for over ten years and had seen such things happen several times.

“If my identity is exposed, the Foundation Establishment-level combat power of the Iron Will Gray Armor won’t help me at all. After all, I’ll be fighting Golden Core and Nascent Soul stage powerhouses.

“Not to mention, there’s still the grand formation covering the immortal city.

“I don’t need the Iron Will Gray Armor to explore the Lava Immortal Palace.

“My identity as Hanging-Hair Traveler can’t be used anymore, either. For now, I don’t need the Iron Will Gray Armor for anything.”

After thinking about it, Ning Zhuo decided to postpone this matter.

“I’m currently number one in the ranking!”

Right now, Ning Zhuo felt both surprise and joy about this fact.

During his exploration of the Lava Immortal Palace, he had always thought that he was the one playing catch-up.

He had been doing his best to avoid being left behind by Meng Chong and the others, never realizing that he was actually ahead of them!

“No, calm down.

"There's nothing to be proud of.

“Meng Chong’s previous cultivation was too high, so it’s taking him a long time to disperse his power.

“Moreover, he suffered an attack, which delayed his progress.

“The same is true for Zhou Zhu, Zheng Jian, and the others.”

Ning Zhuo analyzed things carefully. He felt that he was only able to rank first because of his advantage in information, his Buddha Heart Demon Seal’s ability to directly convert magical power, and finally his longstanding habit of hiding his true strength to avoid the attention of others.

“These things all come from my mother.

“What do I myself have?

“I only have a low-grade innate talent. Even if I try my best, it’s only enough to be in the lead for a short time.

“Without the treasure seal, without the prior information, would I have been able to accomplish this?” Ning Zhuo shook his head internally.

“Meng Chong and the others will soon catch up and surpass me.” His expression turned cautious.

Ning Zhuo admonished himself repeatedly and tried to adjust his mentality.

“A person must be humble.

“Just look at Han Ming, who was so proud of her status as a demonic sect disciple. What’s happened to her now?

“This is a lesson written in blood! I must learn it well!”

After continuous self-rebukes, the little joy and pride Ning Zhuo had held previously soon disappeared.

“Next, I have to wait for my soul to be drawn into the Lava Immortal Palace once again.”

Ning Zhuo’s soul was currently in excellent condition, being three times stronger than his previous peak.

He was very much looking forward to his third entry into the palace.

In the end, he waited and waited… all for nothing.

“Strange, what’s going on?

“Last time, my soul was drawn in before it even fully recovered.

“Why’s it so slow now?”

Ning Zhuo was surprised.

Meanwhile, in the main hall of the Lava Immortal Palace.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was lying on the throne, its dragon head slightly raised and its eyes piercing space to observe Ning Zhuo.

Seeing Ning Zhuo’s expectant look, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit snorted, blowing two puffs of flame from its nostrils.

Then, it closed its eyes and turned its head, no longer looking at Ning Zhuo.

…

Fei Si personally escorted Meng Chong back to the City Lord Mansion. Seeing his young master put under heavy guard once again, he secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Soon afterward, one of his subordinates came to report and offered up a jade slip. Fei Si sent his divine sense into the jade slip and saw the results of the investigation on the Purple Sun Villa incident.

The mechanical constructs that the demonic cultivators left behind were all mass produced items and couldn’t provide any valuable clues.

According to eyewitnesses and the traces at the scene, it could be concluded that there were three demonic cultivators participating in the attack. Two of them had exposed their faces, but the third one was very sneaky, disappearing without a trace after stealing all the pills in the storage room.

Fei Si focused his attention on the two demonic cultivators whose faces were known.

The jade slip contained vivid portraits of two people. One was a cold-looking female cultivator – Han Ming. As for the other, it was an old man with a hunched back and a cane.

“Han Ming… sigh.” Fei Si let out a breath.

Previously, Han Ming had sought trouble with Sun Lie, and even attacked him numerous times. Sun Lie had reported these incidents to the city guards, but after receiving subtle hints from Fei Si, these subordinates merely went through the motions for their investigation and didn’t really take things seriously.

Why? Of course, it was because Han Ming was a disciple of the Soul Devouring Sect, a major faction of the demonic path!

