Chapter 435: Lu Hongtu plans According to the Poem

In the mist, the sound of horns faintly echoed.

The heavy sound of hooves gradually approached, seeping through the dense fog, transmitting into the mountain forest.

The army moved slowly through the thick fog; their iron armor emitted a cold light, which was also obscured and blurred by the mist.

The cultivators' steps were steady and orderly; the sound of iron and blood rubbing against the soil echoed in the mist. Warhorses advanced with heads lowered, their breaths exhaling white vapor, appearing like phantoms through the thick fog.

Five armies responded to each other, marching through towering mountains, like a slow and heavy giant serpent winding through the mist.

The dense fog only began to dissipate in the afternoon.

The marching speed of the entire army increased as a result.

By the time the sun was setting in the west, with a command from Sun Gan, the entire army slowly halted, occupying their respective territories, and began to set up camp.

By tomorrow, at dawn, the army would set out again.

After marching like this for two days, the gap between the armies gradually widened.

In the main general's tent, Sun Gan looked at the map, a cold glint flashing in his eyes.

He pointed to the marker of the Third General's Camp and asked those in the tent, "What's going on with the Third General's Camp? Why is their marching speed so slow? They are actually ten miles behind the Red Flower Camp!"

The deputy general said, "Reporting to you, sir, the Third General's Camp is strictly marching in a single-line formation, making it difficult for the whole army to speed up. The cultivators often march for half an hour and then need to stop to rest and replenish their spiritual power and stamina."

Sun Gan glared, "What are Liu Er and his group up to? Acting like this before even reaching the front lines? Delaying the march -are they afraid of going to the front?"

Another deputy general sneered, "They publicly claim that they are using marching as a substitute for training."

"The key is, their way of marching is also in accordance with military regulations; we can't really punish them over this."

"In my opinion, this group is as timid as mice; from the moment we set out, they avoided the responsibility of being the vanguard, which is evident."

"The so-called three generals Liu Er, Guan Hong, and Zhang Hei are just third-rate Golden Core cultivators, obscure and unknown."

"The reason they came to participate in the war is probably to profit from it, to take advantage; how could they be like us, fighting for the country and the people!"

But Sun Gan looked at the deputy general, very dissatisfied. "I entrusted the marching affairs to you; didn't you order the Third General's Camp to speed up along the way?"

The deputy general smiled bitterly, "Sir, I have sent messengers urging them many times, but the Third General's Camp still acts as they please."

"When we pressed them urgently, they even gave us a prophetic poem, saying that their strategist and chief adviser divined it, telling us to be cautious!"

"Oh? A prophetic poem?" Sun Gan's expression paused slightly, then his eyebrows twitched; he asked in detail, "What does the poem say?"

The deputy general replied, "'Hooves trample fallen flowers, wind rises, shadows sink in the sand. Who can keep the bright moon? Who will bury the rosy clouds?'"

Sun Gan frowned slightly, pondering carefully. "This poem is ominous. Who composed it?"

Deputy general: "It's a young Foundation Establishment cultivator named Ning Zhuo, from the Southern Bean Kingdom."

Sun Gan's brows immediately relaxed. "Just a Foundation Establishment cultivator, a mere youngster, and from another country -haha. The Three Generals believe in the divination of such a person? How ridiculous!"

"Pass on my military order!"

"Third General Camp's Liu Er, foolishly believing in a prophetic poem and delaying military operations, is to be punished with sixty lashes, to be carried out when the army arrives at Wooden Wheel Town."

The messenger immediately received the military order, carrying the verbal message, and ran out.

Sun Gan lowered his head and continued to study the military map.

He frowned again. "The position of the Red Flower Camp is also a bit off. What's going on?"

The deputy general said, "Sir, it's said that General Mulan also believed in this prophetic poem, so during the march, they have been organizing a Flowing Water Battle Formation to guard against unforeseen events."

"So that's how it is..." Sun Gan murmured, secretly surprised.

Although the Flowing Water Formation also aided in marching, it was extremely difficult to sustain over a long time.

Compared to the Third General's Camp, you could see the difference.

But the Red Flower Camp had managed to persist for so long, and using the battle formation to march quickly, their overall progress could actually keep up with the main force.

"The Red Flower Camp is so well-trained, almost comparable to my Golden Halberd Army!"

"Although this Grand Marshal's House has declined, the military foundation is still there; the remaining veterans and core troops are quite remarkable."

Sun Gan, being a veteran general, immediately realized this, but he still said, "Mulan actually believes in a prophetic poem made by a youngster?"

"Hehe, after all, she's a woman -long hair, short insight! The Grand Marshal's House has no successors now."

The deputy general quickly laughed and agreed.

Sun Gan had a thought. "Mulan is relying on the prestige of the Grand Marshal; this seems like a good opportunity to make her lose face."

"Old General Mu's military prestige is very high; only by operating like this first, step by step weakening it, until it reaches a very low level."

"In this way, if we want to seize the position of Grand Marshal, we can do so justifiably and naturally."

Sun Gan was the Commander of the Imperial Guards, high-ranking and powerful indeed, but how could the position of Commander of the Imperial Guards compare to the prestige of the Grand Marshal!

In the entire Two Notes Country, there were only three Grand Marshals.

As Old General Mu has been bedridden for years, his Grand Marshal's House has become a juicy piece of meat coveted by others.

This time, according to reason, it shouldn't have been the Mu family sending troops. But under the tacit understanding of many people, Old General Mu was forcibly nominated to go to war.

Mulan joined the army on behalf of her father; the situation was grim because she faced not only the enemy but also the covetousness of her own people!

Thinking of this, Sun Gan immediately ordered, "At this rate of stopping and starting, when can we reach Wooden Wheel Town and rendezvous with the Grand Marshal? Too slow!"

"Pass down the order: starting tomorrow, forced march!"


<b>Thousand Peaks Forest, Wildwood Peak.</b>

The towering giant wooden mountain was steep and desolate. The entire mountain was filled with dead trees, branches twisted like strange skeletons, stretching densely.

The deadwood forest stood firm, roots deep but leaves withered, as if cursed; walking among them made one feel extremely oppressed.

Apart from dead trees, there were barren grasses and night vines. They tightly entwine rocks and trees, swaying with the wind.

The days here were often scorchingly sunny, while the nights were extremely cold.

Apart from the withered grasses and barren trees, there were no signs of life.

Cave Master Mo Yuan brought three Nascent Soul  Masters, invisibly hiding, stepping onto the peak of Wildwood Mountain.

Someone was already waiting here.

And quite a number of them.

These cultivators were generally tall, wearing revealing and tight clothing, extremely primal in aesthetic.

At a glance, it was clear that these people were barbarian cultivators.

The first to sense the approach of Cave Master Mo Yuan and the others was a blind barbarian.

This barbarian had his eyes covered with a black cloth, with a resolute face and prominent bones. His upper body was bare, skin covered with fresh blood totems. His lower body wore animal skin pants, the cuffs tied with straps for easy movement.

He carried two huge curved blades on his back, the blades shaped extremely exaggeratedly, like crescent moons. Even though they were sheathed, strands of cold moonlight still flowed out.

From the Pale Moon tribe, Di Lu!

Beside Di Lu stood a Nascent Soul level cultivator of the same tribe.

He had blue hair, tall and thin build, muscles firm and well-defined. His skin was as pale as dead ice; his forehead and cheeks had wolf claw patterns symbolizing the tribe.

He carried a huge wolf-tooth club on his back, with a circle of blood-red around his eyes.

From the Pale Moon tribe, Gu Ya!

Gu Ya's nostrils flared, sniffed, and he grinned, revealing uneven, forest-white teeth: "Hmm, I smell a scent of blood -not fresh, with a foul odor -must be that Blood Shadow brat from the Six Caves Sect."

Blood Shadow immediately snorted coldly; he had crossed swords with Gu Ya before, more than once.

He immediately revealed his figure, killing intent showing. "Old wolf, if you don't break through to the Soul Formation stage soon, your lifespan will be up, right? Aren't you afraid that after your death, I'll pay a visit to your family?"

"The grudge of you chasing me back then, I will definitely repay."

In response, Gu Ya said indifferently, "Go ahead and kill them; if they die by your hands, that's their fate."

Blood Shadow revealed a sinister expression. "I forgot to tell you, not only will I kill them, I will also extract their souls and burn them under the sunlight until they vanish."

Gu Ya immediately showed anger. "How dare you! Blood Shadow brat, before my lifespan ends, I will certainly visit your cave dwelling and take you down with me."

The Pale Moon tribe worshiped the ancient god of the pale moon; dying under sunlight was considered blasphemous, and after death, the soul would no longer ascend to the pale moon, not accepted by the ancient moon god.

Blood Shadow's threat touched Gu Ya's reverse scale, causing the latter to become angry.

"Hehehe, fight! Just arguing, what kind of men are you? Fight! Hurry up and fight!" An old barbarian woman, fearing that the world was not chaotic enough, jeered from the side, her voice sharp like a crow.

She wore a cloak woven from emerald green vines, with dense animal bones and bird feathers hanging on it. Ancient runes occasionally flashed on the bones and feathers.

Her skin was like tree bark, deeply wrinkled, extremely aged.

Her eyes flashed with bursts of green light, giving a creepy feeling.

Her hands were aged like dead wood, fingertips growing out like curved vines.

Beside her stood her husband, the Golden Core level Cangteng King.

From the Ancient Vine tribe, Nascent Soul cultivator, Bitengyi!

Cangteng King wore ancient vine armor, with a rugged face, middle-aged appearance, white beard and long hair in disarray, wildness between his brows.

He carried a huge black bow on his back. The bow was naturally curved, without a string.

Cave Master Mo Yuan and others revealed themselves, gestured with their eyes, and nodded slightly.

Cangteng King stood behind Bitengyi, saying nothing.

Responding to them were three cultivators from the Hundred Poisons tribe.

The leader was the Nascent Soul level Great Poison Belly Priest Tu Ming.

On his left and right stood two Golden Core cultivators, namely the Decaying Poison General Diao Ye and the Deadly Poison Barbarian Ulan.

Gu Ya and Blood Shadow were at odds, continuing to argue, voices getting louder, tempers rising.

Seeing that the two sides were about to fight, neither Di Lu of the Pale Moon tribe nor Mo Yuan Cave Master Lu Hongtu showed any sign of stopping them.

Not at all.

In the Thousand Peaks Forest region, taking the initiative to soften one's attitude was often seen as weakness.

One had to show a tough stance to earn mutual respect!

But the conflict between Gu Ya and Blood Shadow ultimately didn't turn into a fight.

Stopping them was an old man.

He was hunched over, with a thin face, ordinary appearance, mottled skin, eyes dim and lifeless, as if nearing death.

He always held an ancient cane, the head of the cane carved with ginseng whiskers and dragon patterns, the body of the cane faintly exuding a deep aura.

Seeing the old man appear, the human cultivators led by Mo Yuan and the barbarian cultivators all took the initiative to salute, respectfully addressing him: "Old Master Long."

This "Old Master Long" was also a Nascent Soul cultivator, with a special identity: the temple keeper of the Dragon King Temple's main temple, representing a Soul Formation level existence -the Ginseng Whisker Dragon King!

"Hehehe." Old Master Long showed a kind smile. "You two youngsters, don't quarrel; wouldn't it be better to save your strength to kill the enemy?"

"Yes, Old Master Long." Although Gu Ya was aged, in terms of age, he couldn't match even a fraction of Old Master Long.

Blood Shadow Cave Master was even more obedient. "I will listen to you, Old Master Long!"

Old Master Long smiled, his gaze sweeping around, then pausing on Mo Yuan Cave Master Lu Hongtu, praising: "The Great Cave Master personally came out, inviting multiple Nascent Soul cultivators to assist -a great merit indeed. After this battle, there will be rewards."

Lu Hongtu immediately smiled. "Our Six Cave Sect is based in the Thousand Peaks Forest; naturally, we must go all out to protect our homeland and resist enemy invaders. The Dragon King is just in rewards and punishments; we will surely win this battle!"

Old Master Long smiled and nodded. "Of course."

"Xiao Feng, A Guai, come out and tell everyone the intelligence you've gathered."

In the next moment, two Nascent Soul level cultivators descended from the sky, landing behind Old Master Long.

One was a demon cultivator, human body with an eagle head, named Chen Lingfeng. He was originally a member of the demon beast clan in Wind Pillar Peak, born with talent, noticed by the Ginseng Whisker Dragon King, cultivated into a demon cultivator.

One was a human cultivator, named Wu Hen -a walking corpse.

He was tall and thin, face gaunt and pale, like a walking corpse.

His long hair was black as ink, fluffy and disheveled, the ends of his hair accompanied by shadows gently swaying in the air.

His eyes were deeply sunken, the area around his eye sockets filled with black blood vessels, extremely gloomy.

He wore a black robe, hem dragging on the ground, the surface dilapidated, as if having undergone countless trials of life and death.

At the edge where the robe touched the ground, the shadows twisted bizarrely, making people feel quite uncomfortable.

Old Master Long said, "Tell everyone about the military intelligence you've gathered."

Wu Hen remained silent; demon cultivator Chen Lingfeng spoke. "In recent days, I have been hiding in the high sky, overlooking the mountains, always watching the rear army of Two Note Country's march."

"In the mountains, they are divided into five armies, echoing each other front and back."

"At the front is the Barbarian Demon Camp, followed by the White Jade Camp, in the middle is the Golden Halberd Army, then the Red Flower Camp, and finally the Third General's Camp..."

Chen Lingfeng went on to describe the movements of the entire army in detail.

After listening to the introduction, the cultivators all relaxed a bit.

"Although Sun Gan is the Commander of the Imperial Guards, he doesn't often go to the front lines; feeling safe in the rear, he is actually making a forced march. Hehehe." The Scorpion Cave Master giggled, killing intent spreading.

Gu Ya stuck out his bright red tongue, licking his teeth, revealing a bloodthirsty expression. "The enemy general is foolish; this is our opportunity."

Mo Yuan Cave Master Lu Hongtu folded his hands behind his back, pondered, and said, "Even so, the five armies have differences. In my view, we should make a full-scale ambush on the Golden Halberd Army, cutting off this main force from the middle."

"The vanguard Barbarian Demon Camp is the key to breaking the situation. Although this army is numerous, they are all demon cultivators and barbarians; even if they train hard in battle formations, the composition is mixed, and it's quite difficult to command. Moreover, Xu Dali is not a wise general; once chaos ensues, with his ability, it's hard to reorganize resistance."

"Once the Barbarian Demon Camp collapses, we don't need to kill them all, just drive them off."

"Use them to attack the White Jade Camp. The commander of the White Jade Camp, Shuang Jing, is a noble son with few battle achievements; he is likely to respond inadequately and handle it improperly. Once the White Jade Camp's formation is also disrupted, we can continue to press the attack, allowing our main force to directly assault the Golden Halberd Army!"

"Although the Golden Halberd Army is strong, they are few in number, and to stabilize their formation, they will inevitably have to kill their own soldiers. In this way, the military's morale will be shaken, and morale will surely drop greatly, likely exposing flaws."

"Once we seize this flaw, we can achieve victory in one battle and possibly annihilate them all."

Lu Hongtu smiled, his tone grim. "As for the Red Flower Camp and the Third General's Camp, they are not important."

"According to the intelligence, these two armies are heavily guarded, marching in battle formations. Even if we ambush them, it will be difficult to be effective and easy to be dragged down."

"Once the ambush is launched, every moment of delay reduces our advantage by ten percent."

"The most crucial point is that these two armies are weak in strength; their generals are only at the Golden Core level. Even if we annihilate them, it cannot compare to the results of damaging the Golden Halberd Army!"

All the cultivators were silent.

After a while, Old Master Long smiled and said, "Worthy of the Great Cave Master of the Six Cave Sect; this plan is good."

Di Lu of the Pale Moon tribe suddenly said, "Isn't there also a Fire Cloud Camp?"

Chen Lingfeng said, "This army hasn't set out; presumably, Green Forest Immortal City is the rear base of Two Note Country this time and needs troops to garrison."

Demonic Heart Cave Master pondered, "It's a bit strange."

"The commander Sun Gan ordered a forced march; why are the last two armies marching in battle formations, so heavily guarded?"

This time, Wu Hen spoke up. "There is a prophetic poem..."

His voice was very strange, extremely unpleasant, like fingernails sharply scraping on glass.

Under his introduction, the cultivators suddenly knew of Ning Zhuo's poem.

"Hooves trample fallen flowers, wind rises, shadows sink in the sand. Who can keep the bright moon? Who will bury the rosy clouds?"

"This poem seems to have foreseen our ambush?!" Everyone was shocked.

"Is Two Note Country so full of talents?"

"Who is this person? We must kill him to feel at ease!"

Wu Hen said, "This person's name is Ning Zhuo, but he is not from Two Note Country; he comes from the Ning family of the Southern Bean Kingdom."

"Southern Bean Kingdom has a Ning family?" "Never heard of them..."

"Only heard of the Meng family and the Su family."

Wu Hen continued, "The Ning family comes from Northern Wind Country; they migrated all the way in the past, passing through Two Note Country, and finally joined Southern Bean Kingdom, now residing in Fire Persimmon Mountain."

"The reason Ning Zhuo joined the army is that the Ning family once had a grudge with the Six Cave Sect. This time, coinciding with the war, he wants to take the opportunity for revenge."

Everyone looked at the Six Cave Sect.

"Ning family?" Mo Yuan Cave Master sighed inwardly; he recalled and glanced at the Demonic Heart Cave Master beside him.

Demonic Heart Cave Master coughed.

Cave Master Mo Yuan managed the Six Cave Sect, actively befriending forces outside the mountain. The Ning family once had a Nascent Soul cultivator and had trade relations with the Six Cave Sect, with a deep friendship.

When the Ning family migrated, Mo Yuan Cave Master intended to help, but Demonic Heart Cave Master and others had crooked thoughts, taking the opportunity when Lu Hongtu wasn't paying attention, to plot against them.

After all, they couldn't openly go against the Great Cave Master's orders.

As a result, the Ning family was also fortunate, lost more than half their wealth, but escaped at the last moment.

"This is an old grudge." Mo Yuan Cave Master smiled slightly, calm and composed. "The Ning family's youngster, a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, dares to seek revenge -commendable courage. Well, this poem is good; I have another plan!"

Old Master Long: "Hmm? Great Cave Master, please speak."

Mo Yuan Cave Master said, "Battle formations are hard to break; the key is military morale. Once morale drops and the military's heart is shaken, the battle formation's power will greatly decline."

"If this prophetic poem is used well, it may be comparable to Nascent Soul level combat power, or be even more crucial!"

"Presumably, the enemy army is already familiar with this prophetic poem. At least from the way they are marching, the Third General's Camp and Red Flower Camp can't escape it."

"In that case, we can take the opportunity to set a trap, launching attacks according to this poem, bringing them great damage and psychological shock!"

"The Red Flower Camp has Old General Mu's foundation; let's not mention them. The Third General's Camp was newly formed, a rabble, and is the weakest among the five armies!"

"At that time, we will coordinate with this poem, attack in turns, and will surely unsettle the Third General's Camp's morale, perhaps easily taking them down in one move."

Everyone fell silent again.

After a moment, Old Master Long clapped and chuckled lightly. "Good, a plan to attack the mind, turning their own scheme against them. Great Cave Master has thought it out exquisitely; we will act accordingly!"

All the cultivators had no objections, flew into the high sky, and secretly left the Thousand Peaks Forest together.

Halfway, they encountered several cultivators, mainly at the Golden Core level, who had all signed the divine decree, participating in this ambush together.

With Old Master Long leading, they moved secretly while arranging and dispatching the cultivators.

Cave Master Mo Yuan and others would encircle and attack the Golden Halberd Army; the barbarian cultivators would attack the Barbarian Demon Camp; several Golden Core cultivators would contain the Red Flower Camp and the Third General's Camp.