Chapter 45: Everyone is a Protagonist

Ning Zhuo once again fell into a dark world where he could neither see, smell, nor hear.

He was very happy.

“I finally got in!

“In the future, I can proactively enter the Lava Immortal Palace.”

The previous method of waiting around for his soul to be drawn in was too passive.

“Hmm… Can I also use the trial disciple imprint to leave the immortal palace?”

This thought popped into his mind. However, he didn’t intend to verify it for now.

While thinking, Ning Zhuo operated the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation and sent out waves of spirit power.

The emanating spirit power quickly sucked over the first mechanical component.

Just like the previous two times, it was a left arm.

Next came the head.

Also just like before, it was a big head.

Ning Zhuo smoothly assembled himself, then jumped down from the hill of mechanical components.

He limped over to the door.

In order to save on time, he hadn’t bothered finding legs of equal length.

“As long as I have the hanging ring, even a limping body should be enough to pass Room 2.

“My top priority is to finish concealing my identity as quickly as possible. Right now, my name is on three ranking lists; even with the most conservative estimates, that means I’ll need to come at least three times.”

But in the end, after touching the door, Ning Zhuo didn’t see the hanging ring listed as a reward.

The three options were: one spirit stone, a mechanical accessory called spring force coiling wire, and the spell, One Gust of Air.

“No hanging ring?!” Ning Zhuo was stunned.

A moment later, he slapped his forehead. The little wooden palm colliding with the big head gave rise to a dull thud.

“I was mistaken!

“I should have guessed this earlier.

“During my second exploration, the Icy Embrace Art was replaced by the Fiery Grasp Art.

“In other words, the rewards aren’t fixed. After I choose one, it will change out.

“Since the spell reward is like this, it’s not surprising that the mechanism reward is the same.

“It’s just that the spirit stone option has never changed, so my thoughts didn’t move in this direction.”

Everyone made mistakes.

Ning Zhuo also made mistakes.

Of course, the main reason was that he was too caught up in worrying about hiding his name.

Looking at the three rewards in front of him, Ning Zhuo thought for a moment and chose the spring force coiling wire.

He definitely couldn’t choose the spell. After all, he intended to erase his name from the ranking this time.

Although he could now enter the palace through the trial disciple imprint, he hadn’t thoroughly explored this ability. It was possible that there were hidden restrictions.

“For example, I might have to wait for a few days before entering the palace again.”

Ning Zhuo didn’t want any trouble at this critical moment. Right now, his top priority was getting himself off the ranking!

There was no need to take unnecessary risks.

There was no need to choose the spirit stone, either.

His current spirit power was completely sufficient.

The spring force coiling wire appeared.

It was a relatively thick loop of metal wire. Looking closely, it could be seen that the wire surface was covered in a silvery-gold luster.

Ning Zhuo was very familiar with this mechanical accessory.

He sat down on the ground and took off his calves. Then, he pulled out two sections of spring force coiling wire, winding them with his flexible fingers until they formed a spiral shape like a whirlwind.

Taking the spiral-shaped wires, he inserted them into his knees, modifying the connecting joints between his calves and thighs.

Finally, he re-attached his calves.

He followed the same process and installed coiling wires into his elbows.

Standing up, he tested out his movement a few times and felt confident.

There was nothing else to do in Room 1, so Ning Zhuo pushed the door open and entered Room 2.

He ran forward on the backward-moving tiles.

There were coiling wires between his calves and thighs. Every time his feet landed, the coiling wires would compress. Once compressed to a certain extent, they would spring out to return to their original shape. This granted Ning Zhuo additional jump force.

Previously, Ning Zhuo had passed this level by running steadily. This time, he made continuous leaps, each jump carrying him a long distance.

In his first two attempts, he could already no longer keep up with the floor tiles after reaching the middle of the hallway. But this time, his efficiency in running and jumping was very high, leaving him ahead of the tiles even after passing the midway point.

A giant log came swinging at him, but Ning Zhuo was prepared. With a light jump, he landed on top of the log.

“Before, I needed to use both feet to jump. But a one-footed jump now is better than my two-footed jumps from before!”

Ning Zhuo leaped between the giant logs and the wall, and occasionally made contact with the floor tiles.

In the end, he failed twice. But on his third try, he successfully overcame the final hurdle and landed in front of the door.

“The spring force coiling wire is more effective for passing Room 2 than the hanging ring.” Ning Zhuo came to a conclusion in his heart.

At this moment, he recalled the level speedrun ranking.

“Three Schools Supreme Sage arranged these levels not just to test us, but also to teach us.

“The speedrun ranking is meant to encourage us trial disciples to hone our skills and improve our ability to utilize mechanical constructs.

“What if it was Meng Chong challenging this level? Could he make good use of these mechanical components?

“No, the deciding factor won’t be this, but his puppet. The puppet born from a super-grade innate talent will be much stronger than mine!”

During the raid on Purple Sun Villa before, Ning Zhuo had used a mechanical construct to watch the scene of Meng Chong fighting Han Ming.

“Although Meng Chong was full of medicinal energy at the time and surrounded by his dispersing magical power, the real reason his attacks were so powerful was because of his innate talent, Ferocious Rushing Thunder.”

Ning Zhuo was a walking library and knew the meaning of a super-grade innate talent very well, but even so, seeing it with his own eyes brought him a shock.

What was super-grade?

Low-grade, mid-grade, and high-grade were all on the same scale. Super-grade surpassed the norm, and was beyond all comparison!

It was truly one in a million.

As long as a cultivator with a super-grade innate talent grew up, they would become a major faction’s genius or a country’s pillar.

“The Meng Clan is a super clan of Southern Bean Kingdom, with tens of thousands of descendants in total. It’s not surprising that a super-grade innate talent emerges every once in a while.”

Ning Zhuo didn’t feel any jealousy.

Since he had the low-grade Early Wisdom innate talent and the unknown arm innate talent, why couldn’t others have the same?

Why couldn’t others have even better?

On what basis?

That year, when Ning Zhuo’s mother died, Ning Zhuo had understood a certain truth – the world did not revolve around him!

He was only the protagonist of his own life. Everyone else was the protagonist of their own life as well.

All these protagonists were out on the stage called the world, acting out all kinds of grievances, hatreds, ambitions, and conspiracies.

“It’s precisely because of this that this world is so wonderful.”

Even though Meng Chong hadn’t entered the palace yet, Ning Zhuo already felt heavy pressure coming from behind.

Erasing his name was just a precaution while he maintained his current first-mover advantage.

Once Meng Chong officially joined the race, how long could this first-mover advantage last?

Ning Zhuo had no certainty.

All he could do was keep moving forward.

