Chapter 46: Again!

The rewards for Room 2 were: two spirit stones, glass throwing knives, and the Fiery Grasp Art.

Ning Zhuo chose the spirit stones without hesitation.

In Room 3, he encountered the kung fu puppet again.

The moment he saw it, Ning Zhuo leaped forward to hug the kung fu puppet, letting it beat down on him as he activated the Icy Embrace Art with all his strength.

A while later, the kung fu puppet turned into a block of ice again.

Its large eyes were glowing yellow, as if glaring at Ning Zhuo and lamenting his lack of martial ethics.

Ning Zhuo apologized internally. “I know that this level is to train my puppet body’s close combat skills. Unfortunately, I just don’t have the time. If there’s a chance in the future, I’ll come practice here.”

The rewards for Room 3 were ten spirit stones, a little flying box, and the Wood Grafting Art.

Ning Zhuo still chose the spirit stones.

Finally, he arrived at the maintenance room once again!

Ning Zhuo felt a little excited.

Seeing that the ground was clean, he thought, “The puppet body from my second exploration has been cleared away.”

He ran over to the rotating five-sided stone pillar and touched it with his palm.

“I want my name off the ranking!” Full of determination, Ning Zhuo simultaneously mobilized his spirit and soul power to activate the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

And the treasure seal did not disappoint him. Soon, Ning Zhuo saw his name slowly sink into the pillar.

However, after his name completely disappeared, it gradually floated back up!

“What’s going on?!” Ning Zhuo was stunned.

In the main hall of the Lava Immortal Palace.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit happily raised its head, opening its mouth and spewing out a ball of flames.

It had a gloating expression on its face, as if saying, “Serves you right! That’s what you get for cheating with the Buddha Heart Demon Seal!”

If it weren’t for his puppet body, Ning Zhuo would have been covered in cold sweat.

“I can’t hide my name?

“In other words, I have to leave my name here.

“Wait a moment, let’s think about it again. Maybe I can change the name on the pillar?”

Ning Zhuo tried it out.

Surprisingly, he succeeded on the first attempt. Looking up, his name on the pillar had changed.

It was no longer Ning Zhuo, but Ning Ji!

Roar!

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit, which had just been so happy, was now utterly incensed to the point that it lifted its head and roared. Once again, the entire immortal palace quaked violently.

High above Fire Persimmon Mountain, the Fire Persimmon City Lord immediately opened his eyes and stared vigilantly at the immortal palace inside the crater.

He watched for a while, and after confirming that the immortal palace wasn’t making any further movements, he slowly closed his eyes to resume meditation.

Ning Zhuo looked up at the ranking list and shook his head slightly.

“I can’t change it to Ning Ji. It’d be exposed too easily.

“What if I change it to Meng Chong?

“No, that’s even worse.

“When Meng Chong arrives at the maintenance room in the future, he’ll find himself occupying both first and second. That would give me away instantly.

“What name should I change it to?”

Ning Zhuo was in a dilemma.

Even if he used a completely unfamiliar name, there would still be flaws.

After thinking for a while, Ning Zhuo suddenly came up with a good idea.

Soon, he looked at the changed name on the ranking list and muttered to himself, “This should be able to fool people for a while.”

In the main hall.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit rammed its head into the pillars again and again.

Although it was the palace spirit, it was heavily restricted in what it could do. Watching someone cheat but being unable to stop them made it feel extremely pained.

Each time it collided with a pillar, the entire Lava Immortal Palace trembled.

Deep in the clouds, the City Lord suddenly woke up again. His brows furrowed as his eyes started shining. “Another eruption?”

Ready for battle, he waited for a long time, but he only saw the Lava Immortal Palace continuously shaking, stirring up waves in the lava below.

Ripples spread in a constant rhythm.

The City Lord gradually relaxed. However, he was still puzzled. “Has the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit gone crazy? What’s going on?”

Ning Zhuo was pleasantly surprised.

He discovered that the moment he changed the name on one ranking list, it would also change on the other ranking lists.

He didn’t need to use up his spirit and soul power to change the names one by one.

“The real situation was much simpler than expected!

“This is why you shouldn’t be afraid of difficulties. Sometimes, these difficulties are all in your own imagination.”

Ning Zhuo gave himself some encouragement.

At this point, he still had a lot of spirit power left. He also had some soul power remaining, so he could continue exploring.

Ning Zhuo didn’t hurry to move on to the next level and instead searched around in the maintenance room.

He reached up to take a welding torch from the wall, receiving a prompt for payment.

Ning Zhuo didn’t plan to pay, instead activating the Buddha Heart Demon Seal again.

Seeing this, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit lashed its dragon tail and snorted disdainfully.

Soon afterward, Ning Zhuo sighed in disappointment.

The Buddha Heart Demon Seal couldn’t allow him to use these tools for free. It couldn’t even get him a discount.

Ning Zhuo realized that he needed to explore further to understand just what his treasure seal could do.

He walked over to the stone pillar again.

The five-sided stone pillar would rotate every once in a while to display its five rankings.

Ning Zhuo touched the stone pillar and used the Buddha Heart Demon Seal. In an instant, the stone pillar stopped rotating.

Just as Ning Zhuo was feeling happy about this minor success, a thought flashed through his mind like a bolt of lightning!

He abruptly raised his head and looked at the door of the maintenance room in excitement.

Ning Zhuo immediately ran to the door and was about to push it open to enter the next room, but suddenly retracted his hand.

He then turned around and ran in the opposite direction, arriving in front of the door that he had entered from.

At that moment, in the main hall.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit had its front legs against the floor, and was staring tensely at Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo activated the Buddha Heart Demon Seal and tried opening the door.

The next moment, the door really opened!

Seeing this, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit suddenly raised its head and roared. It slammed a clawed hand on the floor, giving rise to countless sparks.

Ning Zhuo opened the door to see the scenery of Room 3 once again.

The kung fu doll was still frozen in an ice block.

Suppressing his excitement, Ning Zhuo walked into Room 3 and closed the door. Then, he placed his palm against the door once more.

The reward list appeared again - ten spirit stones, a little flying box, and the Wood Grafting Art.

Ning Zhuo chose the spirit stones, but although the circle of light appeared, it was empty.

Then, he chose the little flying box. He received a wooden box that could hover in the air.

Lastly, he chose the Wood Grafting Art, thereby obtaining another spell.

In the main hall.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit rammed into the pillars again, roaring continuously.

Its roars shook all directions.

But unlike before, the roars were mixed with strong emotions; for example, powerlessness, helplessness, and frustration.

The Lava Immortal Palace erupted again, causing countless treasure lights to pierce the sky.

“Again?!” The Fire Persimmon City Lord’s meditation was interrupted, causing him to puff his beard and shoot the immortal palace a glare. He had no choice but to activate the immortal city’s grand formation again to suppress the eruption.

