Chapter 47: Cultivation

Ning Zhuo traced his path backward and collected all the rewards that he hadn’t chosen before.

When he arrived back at Room 2, he discovered that his soul power was running low.

Each time he opened the door, he needed to use the Buddha Heart Demon Seal. This consumed quite a bit of soul power.

Soon, Ning Zhuo returned to Room 1 and obtained the One Gust of Air spell.

“I successfully changed my name, and my soul power is almost all gone. Let’s do another experiment in Room 1.”

Ning Zhuo picked out a remote area and put his things in the little flying box. Then, he himself crawled in and closed the lid.

He activated the trial disciple imprint, and the next moment, his soul returned to his true body.

“A smooth return! Very good.” Ning Zhuo clenched his fists. He was genuinely excited.

When he was passively entering and exiting the palace, he had to exhaust all his soul power before he could come back. Every time he returned to his body, he would have to go through a period of rest and recovery. The pain of an exhausted soul was one thing, but more importantly, healing from it wasted a lot of time.

Now that he could actively initiate the return process, he could avoid his condition falling to the lowest point.

“My soul power has dropped to less than a third, but there are no problems with ordinary movement.”

Ning Zhuo first took a few medicinal pills, then disguised himself as Hanging-Hair Traveler again and stepped into the teleportation formation.

A moment later, he opened the door of the underground prison cell and saw Han Ming.

Han Ming heard the sound of the door and abruptly raised her head. When she saw Hanging-Hair Traveler, she cursed madly, as if venting an endless amount anger and hatred.

Seeing the traces of tears on her face, Ning Zhuo sighed and listened quietly.

Eventually, Han Ming stopped cursing, pale and panting from the exertion.

Taking advantage of this break, Ning Zhuo controlled a dozen mechanical puppets to climb up Han Ming’s body, carrying food and water and preparing to feed her bite by bite.

Han Ming closed her lips tightly, seemingly refusing to eat even if it would kill her.

Although she didn’t have the energy to curse anymore, her eyes seemed to spit fire as she glared at Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo sighed softly. “Don’t be like that. If you don’t eat or drink, you’ll die.”

Han Ming immediately revealed a crazed smile. “Die? Hahaha! Dying is better than having my cultivation taken away!

“Hanging-Hair Traveler, are you a man or not? If you are, then let me go and fight me for three hundred rounds!

“If I lose, you can slaughter me or enslave me or whatever. Even if you want me to give you my soul essence, I won’t complain.

“Do you dare?!”

Ning Zhuo shook his head. “Pointless.”

As he spoke, he took out a set of mechanical needles.

Han Ming’s pupils swiftly contracted.

A moment later, miserable shrieks sounded out in the cell once again.

This time, Han Ming suffered even more pain than before. Not only did Ning Zhuo extract her soul essence, he also forced her to eat and drink.

Han Ming couldn’t hold on and eventually fainted again.

Ning Zhuo manipulated the mechanical puppets to pull out the control rods, and carefully apply medicine to each of her wounds.

Ning Zhuo’s soul foundation had skyrocketed again. His upper limit was now about six times stronger than before all this had happened.

Due to the previous loss of soul power, his current reserves were only three times his initial level. However, this was enough for another excursion into the Lava Immortal Palace.

He returned to his residence and activated the trial disciple imprint, but discovered that he couldn’t enter.

“So there really is a time limit?” Ning Zhuo had expected this and wasn’t bothered at all.

He immediately decided to test every cup of tea’s worth of time in order to measure the exact interval.

In the meantime, he didn’t remain idle.

He began cultivating his new spells.

His most recent exploration had yielded the greatest harvest yet, allowing him to obtain a full three spells.

One Gust of Air, Fiery Grasp Art, and Wood Grafting Art. It was time to practice.

In the City Lord Mansion.

The cultivation formation in the room was active, giving rise to spirit energy so rich that it formed into a faint mist.

Within the mist, Meng Chong was sitting in a cross-legged position, lightning flashing over his whole body.

After succeeding in dispersing his power, he had immediately begun cultivating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

The spirit energy here was drawn directly from the immortal city’s grand formation, which continuously purified and delivered the boundless fire spirit energy of Fire Persimmon Mountain.

There were also medicinal pills that came from the City Lord Mansion’s treasury, all of which were of exquisite quality and abundant quantity.

And, of course, there was the super-grade innate talent Ferocious Rushing Thunder. Every time it was activated, Meng Chong’s cultivation speed immediately soared!

Suddenly, the lightning on his body disappeared, and Meng Chong opened his eyes in excitement. “Qi Refining, first level!

“This kind of cultivation speed is more than ten times faster than before.

“Awesome, really awesome.

“As it turns out, Ferocious Rushing Thunder is so useful! Why did I never discover this before?

“Sigh, grandpa should have mentioned it to me.

“Cough cough.”

Meng Chong coughed a few times.

Looking closely, it could be seen that his face was haggard and there were slightly dark bags under his eyes.

Meng Chong was well aware of his current condition.

Every time he activated Ferocious Rushing Thunder, it consumed the power of his essence, qi, and spirit.

“Young Master Meng Chong, it’s time to replenish your body.” A servant’s voice came from outside the cultivation room.

“Alright!” Meng Chong immediately stood up, took a few steps, and pushed open the door in high spirits.

A while later, he arrived at the replenishment room and jumped directly into a medicinal pool.

The brownish-yellow elixir in the medicinal pool was made of precious medicinal ingredients, blended carefully and producing a potent, nearly pungent aroma.

Soaking himself in the pool, Meng Chong swallowed down various kinds of spirit foods that were brought in by the servants.

After filling his stomach, he tilted his head back and chugged two jars of medicinal wine, then gobbled down a few bottles of medicinal pills like snacking on peanuts.

As he ate, blood flowed from his seven orifices.

A servant reminded nervously, “Young Master Meng Chong, it’s about time. You’ve eaten too much, and your body has reached its limit.”

Meng Chong laughed. “What’s there to fear? I have my innate talent.”

Then, he shouted, “Ferocious Rushing Thunder!”

The next moment, countless bolts of electricity erupted from his body again.

With the activation of his innate talent, he digested the medicine extremely quickly. His swollen belly flattened at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The thick medicinal pool quickly became clear, and soon, the smell of medicine was so faint that it was almost undetectable.

Meng Chong jumped out, once more full of energy, and quickly walked away to the cultivation room.

“I won’t stop for a single moment and won’t waste a single second. I’m going all out!

“The first one to enter the Lava Immortal Palace will be me!

"Grandpa, I won't let you down!"

Meng Chong fully expressed his innate nature. His movements were full of vigor, and his desire to cultivate was frighteningly strong.

…

Ning Zhuo’s preliminary testing had a result – six hours!

This was his fourth entry into the Lava Immortal Palace.

The puppet body and little flying box that he had deliberately placed in Room 1 were no longer there. This made him feel a little disappointed.

However, when he touched the door, he found that the rewards had refreshed.

Using the Buddha Heart Demon Seal, he collected all the rewards from each door. Once he arrived at the maintenance room, Ning Zhuo didn’t hurry to move on. Instead, he looked around at the various mechanical tools and mechanism pedestals, falling into deep thought.

