Chapter 471: The King’s Mandate Military Advisor

Ning Zhuo took out twenty million low-grade spirit stones and immediately handed them to Liu Er.

“This is my clan’s investment in the Three-Generals Camp, to help the general achieve instant victory and gain glory!”

Liu Er could not help but take a deep breath, looking fervently at the storage bag in Ning Zhuo’s hand. He saw that there were still many spirit stones inside!

He quickly withdrew his gaze and gripped Ning Zhuo’s arm, saying gratefully, “It must be the military advisor’s utmost persuasion of your clan that led to such support. What virtue or ability do I, Liu Er, possess to gain the assistance of your esteemed clan and you, the military advisor?”

Ning Zhuo, in turn, grasped Liu Er’s arm: “General, you and I took to each other at first sight, and the longer we spend together, the deeper our bond becomes.”

“The general is amiable, loyal to the ruler and devoted to the nation, fighting bravely to kill the enemy, truly a man who shoulders responsibility!”

“I, Zhuo, deeply admire this.”

“In my humble opinion, I originally wanted to help at no cost. But my ancestors do not understand the general well and said that they must take thirty percent of the spoils of war.”

Liu Er froze: “Thirty percent?”

Ning Zhuo showed a helpless expression as if a young man’s righteous deed was dampened by the worldly-minded elders: “The ancestors are too secular.”

Liu Er patted Ning Zhuo’s shoulder: “Don’t say thirty percent, even sixty percent - so what?”

“Your clan invests to such a degree, it is only proper.”

“It’s just that right now…”

“Alas, military advisor, you know that at the founding of my Three-Generals Camp, I already promised the ownership of spoils to others!”

“From where would I get thirty percent of the spoils?”

“Hmm… perhaps I can deduct it from my second and third brothers and myself. But it might have to be delayed for a while before it can be repaid.”

Ning Zhuo extended his palm and smiled: “I have considered this matter thoroughly on the way back.”

“The time has come to reclaim the right of ownership over the spoils. Right now is the best opportunity.”

Liu Er expressed confusion: “Oh? I would like to hear more details.”

Ning Zhuo then explained: “After the ambush, our army has once again stationed outside Green Forest Immortal City. Many cultivators are causing trouble, clamoring that the treatment here is too poor, and they want to leave the Three-Generals Camp and go elsewhere.”

Liu Er showed a look of shame: “This is because my ability is shallow and my coffers are empty, so I have no way to reward those who performed meritorious service. This is my fault!”

Ning Zhuo shook his head: “Handing over the right of spoils to the soldiers was our greatest benefit to them.”

“However, in the ambush, there were hardly any spoils to be picked up, and instead, we lost many troops. Many soldiers’ magical tools and so forth were damaged to varying degrees, and they complain that our repair subsidies are too small.”

“So, the soldiers believe that this contract is too disadvantageous.”

“In essence, this is a gamble. Once you place your bet, you must accept the outcome to conform to the rules.”

“If the ambush had yielded abundant spoils, they would never have caused such frequent trouble.”

“Adding to that, the White Jade Camp has resumed recruiting, and although more restrained, it is still lavish. Many cultivators in the Three-Generals Camp are attracted by their favorable conditions. But due to pride, they fear being branded as traitors, worried that joining another army would be met with suspicion and exclusion. Hence, they use causing trouble as a means to achieve their goal.”

Liu Er nodded, full of agreement: “The military advisor’s words are most reasonable!”

Ning Zhuo said: “Since they find this contract unfavorable, now is the perfect moment to go along with the flow and cancel this agreement.”

“Previously, we made that promise because, at the root of it, our military funds were tight, and we had no choice but to lure cultivators with such conditions.”

“But now, we have relatively ample funds and can raise the soldiers’ pay to a standard level, even surpassing the norm.”

“Don’t forget, our Three-Generals Camp was the most brilliant unit in the ambush.”

“With our record, I imagine many cultivators will come to enlist.”

Liu Er lowered his head, pondering deeply.

After a moment, he raised his head: “This matter is of great importance and cannot be decided lightly. Military advisor, allow me to think it over when I return and discuss it with my second and third brothers.”

Ning Zhuo nodded, wholeheartedly agreeing: “The general’s farsightedness is the fortune of the three armies, it should be so.”

On the distant mountain peak.

A demon cultivator elder sat cross-legged on a rock, with a pool of blood beneath him.

Blood flowed from the outer corners of his eyes, from the huge eyeball between his brows, a tragic sight.

Almost every day, he secretly observed the changes in the Three-Generals Camp’s luck, no matter how great the cost.

“Hmm?!”

The demon cultivator elder’s expression suddenly changed.

He saw that the ape symbolizing the Three-Generals Camp’s fortune suddenly had whirlwinds swirling around each of its hands and feet.

At the same time, the ape’s body trembled slightly and abruptly swelled several times larger, becoming majestic and powerful.

The mighty ape stirred the fortunes of both the White Jade Camp and the Golden Halberd Army. The White Jade Camp’s white jade plaque rose higher and higher, while the Golden Halberd Army’s golden halberd gleam became sharper.

Seeing the situation turn unfavorable, the ape immediately shrank back, returning to its original size. At a glance, there seemed to be no change, but on careful inspection, one could see that the ape’s fortune was more solid, lifelike, and animated in expression.

“What’s going on?”

“How did Liu’s fortune suddenly increase so much?”

The demon cultivator elder felt perplexed and wore a worried look: “The ape’s retreat suggests Liu’s mindset - he does not want to go all out and confront Sun Gan of the Golden Halberd Army and Shuang Jing of the White Jade Camp head-on.”

“This is not good, it does not match his fated mandate.”

The demon cultivator elder had traveled a long way to come here and take personal action to uphold the king’s mandate and reduce all other variables.

Noticing the situation going awry, he immediately sent a secret message flying into the Three-Generals Camp.

At this moment, Liu Er was discussing with Guan Hong and Zhang Hei whether to take the opportunity to reclaim the right of spoils.

Zhang Hei spoke first: “The military advisor is absolutely right! These cultivators just want to take advantage. This time, there were almost no spoils of war, and they cause trouble. Why don’t they think about the future victories and the generous spoils that might come then?”

“Anyway, now that we have money, reclaiming this right is the best opportunity. If we don’t act now, it’ll be too late!”

After Zhang Hei finished, he stared closely at Liu Er.

Seeing Liu Er smiling and nodding repeatedly at him, Zhang Hei grinned.

In his heart, though, Liu Er sighed silently: “Third Brother is reckless and straightforward, lacking in thought. He hasn’t seen the two drawbacks in this. In future battles, it’s best to keep him by my side.”

Liu Er then looked at Guan Hong.

Guan Hong, while using a comb to brush his heavy beard that fell down to his feet, said: “After the ambush, I am more confident about the coming war.”

“Reclaiming the right of spoils is naturally more beneficial for us.”

“But we must not enforce it harshly.”

“If more resentment arises, rumors will spread, tarnishing Big Brother’s name and ours, saying we do not keep our word.”

“Even if these people accept the change now, if we achieve a great victory in the future and the spoils are extremely abundant, they will grow uneasy and harbor all kinds of resentments, drifting away from us.”

“Moreover, we are gentlemen, and a promise once made cannot be chased down by four horses. We must keep our word. Otherwise, I would not even respect myself!”

The smile on Liu Er’s face grew a bit brighter.

Guan Hong had voiced one of the two drawbacks, which pleased Liu Er.

“Second Brother is upright, values righteousness and keeping promises, and thinks deeply. Being able to consider this layer is already quite remarkable!”

Upon hearing Guan Hong’s words, Zhang Hei said: “Why bother with these petty people! If we act on our own, considering so many things is too cumbersome. Wise men can tell at a glance who is truthful. Overthinking, how can we get anything done?”

Liu Er sighed inwardly.

Zhang Hei then looked at Liu Er: “Big Brother, say what we should do. I’ll do as you say.”

Liu Er was about to speak when he suddenly sensed the secret message. He changed his words: “I’ll think it over myself again. You two virtuous brothers go and train.”

After Guan and Zhang left the main tent, Liu Er also secretly slipped out and came to the mountain forests outside the camp, once more meeting the demon cultivator elder.

“Teacher, so you haven’t left!” Liu Er gave a grand salute, feeling genuinely happy.

Immediately afterward, with a look of concern, he asked: “Teacher, you do not look well. Have you encountered some troubling matter? Your disciple will give his all to help resolve your worries.”

The demon cultivator elder’s face was deathly pale, caused by his constant observation of fortunes and excessive blood loss.

This blood loss was not ordinary blood, but his vital essence and even his lifespan!

The demon cultivator elder shook his head slightly, not explaining the cause of his injury, and instead directly questioned Liu Er.

A moment later, the elder understood that the reason Liu Er’s fortune had surged was - Ning Zhuo.

“So it was because Ning Zhuo splashed out wealth and generously aided the Three-Generals Camp.”

“This boy is indeed a young hero; no wonder Liu Er thinks so highly of him and focuses on him.”

“This proves that this boy will not continue to play an important role in his king’s mandate.”

“However, there is no mention of this boy in Liu Er’s destiny.”

“The military advisor Liu Er will rely on for life is still farming in the Southern Bean Kingdom at this moment.”