Chapter 476: The General-Testing Scroll (Two-in-One)

Everyone entered the main commander’s tent and remained silent.

Ma Liangcai wore a gloomy expression. He had not anticipated Mu Lan’s disguise. This fact was proving that many of the schemes in the royal capital had already gone awry.

Mu Lan sat upright in the chief seat, surveying the cultivators who entered the tent.

There were Nascent Soul–level, Golden Core–level, and Foundation Establishment–level cultivators, all sorts.

But regardless of their cultivation levels, they were all outstanding figures of their time.

She was a tiger daughter from a marshal’s family and would never agree to be manipulated by others. Ever since she and the Redflower Battalion were subjected to difficulties, she had begun planning a way out.

This time, she took advantage of their own ruse, feigning weakness to the enemy and immediately gained a clear grasp of the situation.

“Ma Liangcai...”

He possessed Nascent Soul cultivation, had a tall and slender build, white eyebrows like frost, and deep-set eyes. He was one of the Five Grand Marshals of Liang, with outstanding military achievements. He combined military strategy and the art of painting in his command, a style all his own.

In Mu Lan’s mind, among all the generals present, Ma Liangcai was undoubtedly the foremost. Even someone as proud and aloof as Mu Lan had to admit her own shortcomings. Even if she possessed the same cultivation level, she would be far from confident she could defeat him.

Without question, he was currently the most threatening formidable enemy!

“Sun Gan, Shuang Jing...”

Mu Lan’s gaze swept over these two Nascent Soul cultivators.

Now, she saw clearly: “They must have heard rumors from those in higher positions and therefore wanted to act first, to get involved with the Gand Marshal’s Office before the monarch made his move!”

“They are enemies, but they are also temporary allies. We can work together to resist Ma Liangcai.”

Mu Lan then looked toward Liu Er.

Her glance was swift as lightning.

“A half-human, half-demon who is adept at opportunism, foolishly reckless, diving headlong into these political whirlpools.”

“He also wants to seize the Grand Marshal’s Seal? He must have really eaten a bear’s heart and leopard’s guts to have such confidence.”

Although Mu Lan loathed and despised him, at the same time she felt it was still better to unite with Liu Er for now.

She then looked toward Zhang Zhongyi.

To deceive the enemy, Mu Lan had even kept Zhang Zhongyi in the dark.

But at present, Zhang Zhongyi, who was the ‘victim’ of the deception, was looking at Mu Lan with exhilaration on his face, clearly not caring that he had been kept completely clueless.

“Ning Zhuo...”

At last, Mu Lan’s eyes lingered briefly on the big-headed teenager.

Though she was annoyed that Ning Zhuo had repeatedly refused to dual-cultivate with her, when compared to all the others present, she found Ning Zhuo the most pleasing to the eye.

Ning Zhuo was also looking at Mu Lan, his clear gaze showing curiosity and admiration.

This look made Mu Lan’s mood ease slightly.

But very soon, her mood was ruined by Ma Liangcai.

Once Ma Liangcai took his seat, he immediately struck the first blow: “Since General Mu Lan has already awakened, it is high time to confront the matter face-to-face. These three generals have repeatedly slandered your innocence, which is truly detestable.”

Mu Lan let out a cold chuckle, making no attempt to hide her expression, and looked at Ma Liangcai with contempt.

How could she possibly do what her enemy told her to do?

She had heard every bit of those three generals’ slander against her. But so what?

When marching to war, any and all means should be deployed for victory. At a time when alliances and combined forces were forming on all sides, how could Mu Lan cast away any potential allies?

However, in the next moment, the envoy from the royal capital sneered and looked at Shuang Jing. “General Shuang Jing, you are of the royal lineage —you should speak up.”

Shuang Jing’s expression looked grim, yet he still turned slightly and looked at Mu Lan. “General Mu Lan, the current situation is plain to see. From among these three —Sun Gan, myself, and Liu Er —choose one. Otherwise, I can hardly continue to support you.”

“Alas, I have my own difficulties!”

His surname was Shuang, and no matter how powerful his family might be, they could not stand against the royal house. In fact, a large portion of his family’s authority came from the royal house.

Ever since the envoy from the royal capital stepped into the tent, he had been sending mental messages through divine sense to shake Shuang Jing’s resolve.

He succeeded.

Shuang Jing, considered the breakthrough point, had in short order switched sides, placing Mu Lan once again in a passive position.

Mu Lan wanted to unite the weaker forces to resist the stronger, but the envoy from the royal capital struck preemptively, causing internal division by using Shuang Jing to stir up trouble within.

It was obvious Mu Lan’s faction had an internal problem —there was only one Grand Marshal’s Seal, so if Liu, Shuang, and Sun were all competing for the same position, two would inevitably be left out.

Mu Lan was silent for a moment, looking at Sun Gan.

Sun Gan first gave Shuang Jing a look of disdain, then sank into thought.

“Shuang Jing’s foundation is still tied to his family. His mere surname Shuang is already untrustworthy.”

“Without him, Liu Er is just a half-demon mix —no need to take him seriously.”

“But I am the Commander of the Imperial Guard, and if I stand on Mu Lan’s side to oppose Ma Liangcai, that’s going against the royal decree. When I return to the capital later, I won’t meet a good end.”

“That is indeed quite risky.”

Sun Gan’s Golden Halberd Army was nothing like the Redflower Battalion in loyalty.

Even though Sun Gan was very aware that the envoy from the royal capital was sowing discord, he also knew that if he were to defy the royal decree, he should first ensure his own interests. He had no wish to fight recklessly without clarity.

Hence, Sun Gan looked at Mu Lan. “I wonder how General Mu Lan will decide?”

Mu Lan gave Sun Gan a cold sidelong glance, then turned to Ma Liangcai. “Now that I have awakened, your reason for taking over the Redflower Battalion no longer holds, Ma Liangcai.”

“Why must I make a choice?”

“I can simply leave you to one side and continue to build merit.”

Ma Liangcai also gave a cold laugh and retorted bluntly, “General Mu Lan, that is somewhat naïve. Now that matters have reached this point, there is no returning to the former state.”

Neither the royal capital’s side nor Sun Gan or Shuang Jing would allow Mu Lan the time or opportunity to remain autonomous and reverse the situation.

Everyone needed to determine once and for all to whom the Redflower Battalion would belong. Without that, the pressure, harassment, and hunting directed at the Redflower Battalion would persist.

Zhang Zhongyi clenched his fists, gritting his teeth.

He was filled with anger and bitterness.

Ning Zhuo’s face remained expressionless, yet inwardly he was secretly excited. “So this is how cold and ruthless righteous-path power plays become when they escalate to this point.”

Inside the tent, none of the cultivators made a move against one another; they hadn’t even circulated a bit of spiritual power.

Yet Mu Lan was once again cornered, forced to the edge of a cliff.

Cultivation, magic artifacts, and spells were, at this moment, not the most important things. Strength of mind, strategy, and cunning were the critical capabilities.

Mu Lan took a deep breath and fixed her gaze on Ma Liangcai. “In that case, let’s move on to the final step.”

“When you received your orders to come here, the monarch must have bestowed upon you a certain treasure. Take it out.”

Her position was not good; she had constantly been at a disadvantage.

Previously feigning unconsciousness had only bought her an opportunity for a direct contest.

Now, Sun Gan and Shuang Jing had already been neatly neutralized by those on the royal capital’s side, leaving her no room to maneuver.

Mu Lan had no way out and could only proceed with the final contest.

Ma Liangcai nodded slightly and took out a scroll.

He opened the scroll in front of everyone, and all present recognized it as a General-Testing Scroll.

When the General-Testing Scroll was unfurled, it measured about eighteen feet in length and six feet in width. It was painted on xuan paper, the surface slightly yellowed with age.

Gold thread edged each of the four sides of the scroll, and the edges curled up slightly.

Within the painting, a great number of talismans filled the space. They varied in size, numbering in the thousands, densely arranged.

With just one glance, Ning Zhuo felt his head spinning and his mind pulled in, as if about to fall into some illusion. He quickly shut his eyes and withdrew all his spiritual sense.

Mu Lan, however, gently placed her hand on the General-Testing Scroll and, in a recollective tone, said, “In past years, when my father saw that the front lines were in a critical state, he volunteered to command the remaining, battered troops and fight another battle.”

“At that time, he had never served as a main commander, and he was greeted with much doubt from his comrades. The monarch honored his courage, willing to bring out the General-Testing Scroll to test him.”

“My father passed the test of the General-Testing Scroll and proved himself. After that, he led the battered troops to strike back at the enemy. In the midst of battle, he seized on their weaknesses, charged straight into their ranks, and slew the enemy chieftain, causing the enemy’s morale to collapse and winning a great victory!”

“When my father returned victorious, the monarch asked him what reward he wished to receive.”

“My father requested only those worn-down soldiers who had fought alongside him on the battlefield, who later became the Redflower Battalion.”

“With my father’s repeated victories and brilliant achievements, the Redflower Battalion grew ever larger, which inevitably aroused the suspicions of the royal court.”

“When my father once returned to the court to report his duties, he reached an agreement with the monarch.”

“In the future, if the monarch wanted to disband the Redflower Battalion, it could only be because the Grand Marshal’s Office had no viable successors, making us unable to continue leading this unit.”

“To verify this, they would again resort to the General-Testing Scroll.”

All the people in the tent came to a sudden realization after listening to Mu Lan’s explanation.

This monarch-versus-minister power struggle had started long ago. Both sides were from the righteous path and would never fight each other to the death, and both were also avoiding a situation where both sides lost in the end.

Thus, Old General Mu and the monarch had already worked out a bottom line.

Since the Redflower Battalion and the Mu Grand Marshal’s Office had begun with the General-Testing Scroll, it naturally would be used again to test them. If Mu Lan could pass, the Grand Marshal’s Office would continue on.

If she failed, the Mu Grand Marshal’s Office would be disbanded or replaced.

Mu Lan withdrew her gaze, raised her head slightly, first looking at Ma Liangcai, then at Sun Gan, Shuang Jing, and the others. “Since you all have your own ideas, you may as well all enter the Scroll and do battle. Reenact old events to decide the future!”

Ma Liangcai was extremely strong, and Mu Lan had little confidence, so she still wanted to pull Sun Gan, Shuang Jing, and the others in.

If the situation turned dire, she could strike a deal at the last moment to gain Sun Gan or Shuang Jing’s support.

Liu Er was the first to agree, pledging to put in his all and hoping to call in Generals Guan Hong and Zhang Hei.

Seeing this, Sun Gan and Shuang Jing could only hold their noses and comply.

Guan Hong quickly arrived at the tent.

Zhang Hei, who had been captured by Sun Gan, was immediately released now. After all, Ma Liangcai was the greatest threat.

When everyone had gathered, they each injected their spiritual sense into the General-Testing Scroll.

Very soon, each cultivator stood quietly in place, leaving only a small portion of their consciousness in their physical bodies while the greater part was drawn into the Scroll.

The opened Scroll radiated brilliant light.

Countless talismans glowed in different colors. The talismans danced about, flowing rapidly and merging into a whirlpool of light.

Amid the dazzling colors, the majority of Ning Zhuo’s consciousness coalesced into the shape of his own body.

Looking around, he immediately spotted Liu Er, Guan Hong, and Zhang Hei. He then reached to touch his waist, discovering that the mechanical dragon he carried still contained Sun Lingtong.

He had secretly sent a mental transmission to Mu Lan, asking her to allow Sun Lingtong to enter as well.

After all, adding one more person to their side gave them a better chance of victory.

Besides Liu, Guan, and Zhang, there were also four or five hundred soldier-shadows around them.

Guan Hong stroked his beard. “This is the Minor General-Testing Scroll. There are not many passes or terrains here. Upon entering, it directly grants us soldier-shadows according to our cultivation and mastery of military strategy.”

Zhang Hei shouted, “Let’s get to drilling the troops! That Ma Liangcai is not someone to trifle with.”

Ning Zhuo proposed, “Besides drilling, we should also send out scouts to reconnoiter the area so we don’t provoke Ma Liangcai by being too close. Furthermore, we need to make contact with General Mu Lan. We can’t rely on ourselves alone; we must join forces to resist Ma Liangcai.”

Liu Er nodded, expressing great approval of this suggestion and immediately carried out the plan.

A triangular arrow formation.

A single-line snake formation.

After drilling two or three times, the soldier-shadows already looked quite decent.

In the Scroll, the training effect was vastly better than in reality!

After another two or three rounds of drilling, the soldier-shadows had become much more solid, and their forms had changed.

Before, they had only been blurry human outlines—one could make out limbs and torsos. Now, not only did limbs and torsos become distinct, their heads also changed, turning into triangular snake-like heads.

“Little Zhuo, what if we join in the drilling? How would that go?” Sun Lingtong, witnessing this process, became eager to try.

He had studied Gao Sheng's Posthumous Writings through the Ancient Shared - Battle Armor, learning the Little Thief's Light Breeze Formation.

Ning Zhuo thought a moment. “It would definitely be better to add another formation!”

“Ma Liangcai’s list of achievements is legendary: Duanhun Ridge, Crimsonwater River, relieving East Mountain, the Battle of Ghostflame Gorge—he played a prominent, sometimes decisive, role in all of them.”

“As for our side, Guan Hong and Zhang Hei are out of form, Mu Lan has just awakened and still bears injuries.”

“Shuang Jing relies more on his gear, and once we’re inside the Scroll, that advantage is lost.”

“And lastly, Sun Gan, Commander of the Imperial Guard, has spent the majority of his life protecting the royal capital with little experience fighting on the battlefield.”

“Still, our leader must not be exposed!”

Ma Liangcai was a renowned general of the Two-Notes Kingdom, so Ning Zhuo certainly knew some of the related intel.

Coming back to his senses, Ning Zhuo promptly said he also had a formation of his own. In the General-Testing Scroll, one’s speed of training troops derived from the commander’s mastery of formations; it didn’t require as much time and effort as it would in reality. Hence, he wanted to give it a try.

This delighted Liu, Guan, and Zhang.

They had already been troubled by the fact that their side had only two battle formations, lacking variety and easily targeted.

Ning Zhuo volunteered, which delighted them, and they all agreed that Ning Zhuo would lead the training.

Outwardly, Ning Zhuo gave the orders on behalf of Sun Lingtong. After five rounds, the soldiers were drilled in the Little Thief's Light Breeze Formation.

“Strategist, what formation is this? Forgive my ignorance, I have never heard of such a thing,” Guan Hong asked in rare curiosity.

Ning Zhuo replied that it was the “Little Thief's Light Breeze Formation,” which could increase the unit’s marching speed and aid in stealth.

Sun Lingtong, less skilled in military strategy than the three generals, continued drilling for five more rounds until it was fully mastered.

Next, the three generals each practiced their respective arts again, which also caused minor transformations in the soldier-shadows.

Ning Zhuo used this opportunity to practice his "The Hero's Return Again" Technique, drawing the three generals’ renewed curiosity, as they could not discern any visible effect from its use.

“Strategist, what did you just train?” they asked.