Chapter 478: A Toast to Dispel Old Grudges

“My luck was truly good this time.” Ning Zhuo sighed from the bottom of his heart.

Liu Er took the initiative to step forward, bearing much of the hostility and harm, allowing Ning Zhuo to follow all the way and reach the final showdown.

When the decisive moment arrived, he used the “Hero’s Return Technique” in one go to secure the final victory.

The best part was that from beginning to end, Ning Zhuo had hidden his true intentions. All the competitors, even someone like Mulan, believed that Ning Zhuo had no desire for that position and was only forced to accept it by circumstances in the end.

Sun Lingtong exclaimed in admiration, “Little Zhuo, you really are a talent in walking the righteous path!”

He was the only one who knew the inside story.

Thus, even though Ning Zhuo obtained the greatest benefit, he did not become the target of everyone’s hostility; instead, he continued to maintain good relations with most of them. In fact, it was the other way around —these people owed Ning Zhuo a great favor.

To Ning Zhuo, Mulan had to keep him steady and keep the husband-and-wife title intact, in order to buy more time for herself to achieve meritorious deeds.

To Liu, Guan, and Zhang, Ning Zhuo was the moneybag of the Three Generals’ Camp, so they needed to maintain a good relationship with him even more.

Shuang Jing and Sun Gan both had very complicated feelings toward Ning Zhuo, dominated by envy and jealousy —who would have thought that a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator would end up taking such a huge advantage in the end?

The person who had the most reason to hate Ning Zhuo should have been Ma Liangcai. It was precisely because of Ning Zhuo that his efforts failed at the last moment. However, this resentment greatly lessened because Ning Zhuo publicly agreed with Mulan that they would “certainly divorce.”

“You lucky brat, don’t act all modest now that you’ve taken the prize!” The envoy from the royal capital held his head high, looking down on Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo hurriedly explained that his real reason for divorce was by no means looking down on Twin Rivers Kingdom, and that he held the utmost respect for the Mu Marshal’s Mansion. He merely had to be accountable to his own family and provide a clear explanation to the royal family of the Zhu Clan in the Southern Bean Kingdom.

Since another kingdom’s royal family was involved, and the Southern Bean Kingdom was much stronger than the Twin Rivers Kingdom, the envoy’s arrogant demeanor finally eased a bit.

Everyone else felt even more speechless.

In their eyes: those who wanted it couldn’t get it, while the one who didn’t want it became the Mu Marshal’s son-in-law.

“Fate...” Shuang Jing looked to the sky and sighed.

Sun Gan remained silent, already pondering his future path.

This time, he had joined forces to deal with Ma Liangcai, thus souring relations with the Red Flower Camp, losing quite a bit. Now he could only hope to make a name for himself on the main battlefield.

Otherwise, once back in the royal capital, things would certainly not be pleasant for him!

“Come now, Young Master Ning Zhuo, since everyone is here, serving as witnesses, let’s finalize the marriage contract here and now!” Mulan was very concerned that Ning Zhuo might have any reluctance or change of heart on this matter and was eager to seal the deal.

This marriage contract was excessively important for her and for the entire Mu Marshal’s Mansion; she dared not get careless.

The royal envoy nodded. “Indeed, finalize the contract so that the matter will be settled. Then I can return and report to His Majesty.”

Liu Er opened his mouth to speak, but after his Adam’s apple bobbed a few times, he could only watch as Ning Zhuo and Mulan sealed their marriage contract.

At the very moment the marriage contract was concluded, he suddenly felt as if he had stepped into midair, his entire being hollow and empty, feeling that he had lost a treasure of a lifetime.

Honestly speaking, although most of his pursuit of Mulan was motivated by personal gain, in the depths of his heart he did have genuine admiration for her.

Now, looking at Ning Zhuo, his heart surged with loathing and hatred.

Liu Er quickly shook his head, as though trying to shake off that negative emotion.

“Liu Er, oh Liu Er, what are you thinking?”

“None of this was what Ning Zhuo ever wanted.”

“In fact, the strategist has been helping me all along. It’s just that things went wrong in the end, leading to this outcome.”

“He could beat Ma Liangcai because the latter was already a spent force. Besides, Ning Zhuo used that peculiar military spell, the Hero’s Return Technique.”

“...”

The more Liu Er pondered, the more negativity welled up in his heart.

“Damn it, why wasn’t I the final victor?”

He was furious!

He had worked so hard the whole way, only for someone else to reap the fruits in the end.

“If only Ning Zhuo had used the Hero’s Return Technique earlier and bestowed it on me, wouldn’t I have been the ultimate winner?”

“No, he said before that he still wasn’t fully proficient in that technique. If he used it recklessly and failed, he’d suffer a huge backlash.”

“That’s why he only dared try it at the very end—and succeeded.”

“So if there’s anything to blame, it’s just my bad luck!”

“...”

Still so maddening!

“I carry a royal order —why can’t my luck be better?”

“With this outcome, how shall I explain it to my teacher?”

“In truth, the Three Generals’ Camp did win in the end. It’s just that my identity was marginalized. If I weren’t half-human, half-demon, I could have formed the marriage contract with Mulan!”

The more Liu Er thought, the angrier he got. He clenched his fists, nearly grinding his teeth to dust.

Guan Hong and Zhang Hei both felt rather awkward. One side was the strategist, the other side was their sworn brother. The two were competing for the same woman, and in the end, the younger strategist won —without even intending to.

For the two rough men, this situation was truly complicated.

“Everyone, please wait. Now that the dispute has been decided, stability is surely better than chaos.”

“This is a joyous occasion.”

“How about I pick up the tab in the city, hosting a banquet for everyone?”

“For one, we’re about to enter a great battle, and we must rely on each other to face a powerful enemy. For another, I will eventually divorce Mulan and would much rather become friends with you all, not enemies. I joined the army only to avenge myself against the Six Caves Sect and seek justice on behalf of my Ning Family.”

Ning Zhuo made his proposal, wearing a bitter smile.

He was dressed in white. Though just a Foundation Establishment cultivator, he radiated the confidence of a grand family, handling matters with composure —even when conversing with Golden Core or Nascent Soul cultivators.

He was perfectly confident in extending this invitation.

What could one say?

He carried the bearing of the righteous path through and through!

Ma Liangcai shook his head. “No need.”

He was the first to refuse.

He had come on a royal mission but failed to accomplish it. Under these circumstances, if he were to accept Ning Zhuo’s invitation to stay for drinks, what would that mean?

It would practically be telling His Majesty that Ma Liangcai hadn’t taken the task to heart, making it hard to avoid suspicions of having taken Ning Zhuo’s bribe.

To Ma Liangcai, the wisest choice was to return to the royal capital immediately, greet the king face-to-face, and offer his apology!

For a renowned general like him, losing once or twice wasn’t fatal. But if the king’s impression soured, that would be very bad.

The royal envoy felt the same and declined Ning Zhuo’s invitation as well.

However, Shuang Jing and Sun Gan both agreed.

These two had antagonized the Red Flower Camp in their attempts to get in on the Mu Marshal’s Mansion earlier, resulting in many losses. Now that Ning Zhuo was making the gesture, providing a way out, they were happy to accept it. By making use of Ning Zhuo, they could once again mend relations with the Red Flower Camp.

That was the righteous path for you.

They might be at each other’s throats one moment and reconcile the next.

Many times, self-interest determined one’s stance.

With a major war looming, they all had to watch each other’s backs if they wanted bigger gains.

Since Shuang Jing and Sun Gan agreed, Liu, Guan, and Zhang naturally had no reason to refuse. Mulan felt some aversion but knew that what Ning Zhuo was doing was prudent, so she went along as well.

Ning Zhuo did not hold back. He immediately chose the most luxurious restaurant in Green Forest Immortal City and ordered a feast of a rather high standard.

Just that one meal alone cost him over ten thousand mid-grade spirit stones!

Keep in mind, a Golden Core cultivator’s normal monthly income usually ranged from three thousand to eight thousand mid-grade spirit stones. Those with relatively low incomes might earn thirty to forty thousand spirit stones a year.

For Ning Zhuo to spend over ten thousand mid-grade spirit stones on a single meal truly shocked the others.

Mulan’s expression was complicated. She had a lot she wanted to say, but she swallowed it back.

With that much money, it would have been better spent paying the Red Flower Camp’s soldiers!

“Young Friend Ning Zhuo is indeed a child of a great clan,” said Shuang Jing. He was similarly lavish in the past, but it was no longer possible after the ambush had cost the White Jade Camp dearly.

Ning Zhuo laughed heartily. “After I wrote to my family, they granted me more authority, giving me access to more resources.”

“And avenging myself on the Six Caves Sect remains my chief goal.”

“In the coming great battle, I hope I can work with all of you to break through the Thousand Peaks Forest.”

Sun Gan nodded, quite pleased with Ning Zhuo’s attitude. He immediately used this as an opening to state his own position: “Yes, the Thousand Peaks Forest is our mutual target and our source of war exploits!”

Ning Zhuo smacked the table, stood up, raised his glass, and impromptu recited a poem:

“A golden cup of fine wine calls to heroes, All old resentments may be dispelled. Standing united, we march on Thousand Peaks, Blood on the battlefield forging our merits.”

“Everyone, feel free to drain your cups!”

With that, Ning Zhuo tipped his head back and emptied the wine in one gulp.

The group looked at each other and likewise raised their cups in response, finishing them in one go!

The atmosphere opened up, gradually heating under Ning Zhuo’s lead.

Ning Zhuo sat in the seat of honor, while Mulan sat second.

During the banquet, Mulan couldn’t help but frequently cast her gaze upon Ning Zhuo, who was eloquently conversing with the others.

Though she had been forced by circumstances to accept this “young husband,” at this moment, Mulan sensed a faint resemblance to her father in Ning Zhuo.

Sometimes, a wine table was just another kind of battlefield.

Right now, Ning Zhuo was playing a role that Mulan herself couldn’t take on. By reconciling with Shuang Jing, Sun Gan, and the others, he was effectively reconciling the Red Flower Camp with the White Jade Camp and the Golden Halberd Army. Mulan was aware that this was the wise thing to do, so she was glad to see it succeed.

Liu Er felt extremely uncomfortable at heart!

The fine wine turned into bitter wine. Ning Zhuo’s high spirits made negative feelings constantly bubble up inside him.

He forced himself to endure, reminding himself that Ning Zhuo was not his enemy but his comrade-in-arms. He had to be magnanimous.

When he noticed Mulan looking at Ning Zhuo, his heart clenched painfully.

He grew angry again!

He had no choice but to shift his gaze to Guan Hong and Zhang Hei, only to see that both wore complicated, rather uneasy expressions.

Liu Er’s heart twitched, and he realized something was amiss.

“What’s done is done. It’s beyond saving. But I mustn’t let my second and third brothers become estranged from our strategist.”

“The strategist is the Three Generals’ Camp’s moneybag. If internal conflict arises, our combat power will be greatly reduced.”

That was not something Liu Er wanted to see.

So Liu Er privately transmitted a message via spiritual sense, instructing Guan Hong and Zhang Hei to relax. He had pursued Mulan under the pretext of love at first sight, but the true motivation was to form alliances, rid himself of the stigma of being half-human, half-demon, and leverage the Mu Marshal’s Mansion to become part of the upper ranks, gaining connections at court.

“Now that the strategist has been chosen as the husband, it also means our Three Generals’ Camp has won!”

“In the end, we defeated Shuang Jing, Sun Gan, and even Ma Liangcai, yielding a great victory!”

With Liu Er’s encouragement, Zhang Hei’s stiff expression softened. Guan Hong’s movements no longer seemed so rigid as he slowly stroked his beard.

Then the restaurant attendant delivered the final main dish.

Lifting the lid revealed flames roaring atop the platter.

Fire blazed, spreading a rich aroma that soon filled the entire room.

Curiously, the chicken within the flames remained intact.

When the fire died down, everyone saw that it was not chicken, but bird meat.

Shuang Jing wore a complex expression and sighed. “This dish is made from the Fire-Feather Perching Bird as its main ingredient. It’s called ‘Fragrant Flame Arrival!’”

“They use dried peppers, star anise, cinnamon, herbs, honey, orange peel, purple cabbage, pepper, sea salt, and other spices. The sauce is made from soy sauce, minced garlic, honey, and juice pressed from oranges.”

“Then they employ a spell to ignite spiritual flames, forcing the spices and marinade to fully infuse themselves into the bird meat, blending together perfectly.”

“Fire-Feather Bird meat is normally tough and flavorless, but after this preparation, it undergoes a complete transformation, becoming a taste one will remember for life!”

Everyone took a bite and lavished praise one after another.

The layers of spicy, savory, sweet, and numbing flavors powerfully stimulated the taste buds.

It was a harmony of fire and fragrance!

With honey brushed on, the bird meat became extra tender; the combination of the roasting and flame sauce delivered a sense of evolution, from ordinary to extraordinary, straight to the diners.

Liu Er and Guan Hong were tasting something so luxurious for the first time. As they savored it, waves of complicated emotions again rose in their hearts.

Shuang Jing ate the bird meat and looked at Ning Zhuo with a complex expression, softly reciting:

“Feathers red as fire, shining like rosy clouds, An aroma that seeps into the bones and intoxicates the gut. When does an ordinary bird rise from its branch, To soar through the clouds, displaying the Nine Chapters.”

This poem spoke both of the dish and of Ning Zhuo, and also of himself.

Once he finished reciting, the noble-born Shuang Jing downed his cup in one gulp, left his seat in dejection, and walked straight to the window.

“I’m drunk.”

“Farewell, everyone.”

He vaulted across the windowsill, stepping onto a wisp of cloud, his fluttering sleeves a lonely silhouette merging into the night.

Shuang Jing’s poem wiped away the lively mood at the banquet.

The guests rose to take their leave one after another.

Ning Zhuo also wanted to leave with Liu, Guan, and Zhang, but Mulan reached out and grabbed him.

“Ning Zhuo... it’s getting late. Why not return to the Red Flower Camp with me?”

“I’ll pass on the ‘Profound Gold Armor-Breaking Art’ to you.”

Liu Er, who was just about to descend the stairs, halted. Guan Hong and Zhang Hei both paused as well, turning to look at Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo clasped his fists to Mulan. “General Mulan, I have absolutely no interest in the Profound Gold Armor-Breaking Art. Becoming your husband was a matter of happenstance and necessity.”

“I am the strategist and ceremonial officer of the Three Generals’ Camp!”

“It’s already late. General, please rest early and tend to your injuries. Farewell.”

With that, the white-robed youth did not look back, stepping forward to greet the Three Generals’ expectant, admiring gazes, then joining them.