Chapter 48: Trap

“Second level of Qi Refining, hahahaha!” Meng Chong let out a joyful shout from within the cultivation room.

He really loved this speed.

Whenever he activated Ferocious Rushing Thunder, his cultivation efficiency skyrocketed. It was worlds apart from his previous speed, bringing him great satisfaction and a strong sense of accomplishment.

The more he cultivated, the more excited he became, and he gradually became addicted.

Ferocious Rushing Thunder, Ferocious Rushing Thunder, Ferocious Rushing Thunder!

The more he used this super-grade innate talent, the more he liked it, and the more he relied on it.

Fei Si noticed that something was wrong and gave a gentle reminder.

Meng Chong thus restrained himself, cultivating with a frown.

He felt deeply uncomfortable. “Slow, too slow! Slow as a snail!!”

Of course, this was nothing but his own illusion.

But after releasing his innate nature, he had become less and less patient.

“One more time, just one more time.”

“One more won’t hurt, right?”

“This will really be the last time!”

Ferocious Rushing Thunder, Ferocious Rushing Thunder, Ferocious Rushing Thunder…

“Woo, hahaha!” Meng Chong’s vigorous laughter echoed through the cultivation room.

…

On his sixth exploration, Ning Zhuo officially entered Room 4.

Room 4 was similar to Room 1, with mechanical components piled up in small hills everywhere.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit pursed its lips and observed Ning Zhuo expressionlessly, watching his every move without giving any hints.

Ning Zhuo tried to grab a mechanical component, but his movements suddenly stilled. He had been restrained by the Life-Hanging Thread.

He immediately tried the treasure seal, but it was useless.

Then, he walked over to the exit and touched the door. The rewards message appeared in his mind.

“I can pass the level like this?

“No, this room should have some use. I just haven’t figured it out.”

After thinking for a while, Ning Zhuo tried using the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation. Nothing happened.

Seeing this, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit subconsciously stood up, pushing its limbs on the ground and no longer lying down like before.

It seemed a little nervous.

Ning Zhuo suddenly had a thought and stopped using the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation, instead casting a spell.

First up was the Icy Embrace Art.

As soon as the spell was unleashed, a mechanical component immediately flew toward him.

Ning Zhuo quickly grabbed it, stumbling backward due to the inertia.

“I guessed correctly!” He was full of excitement.

Bam!

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was furious, smacking the ground with its dragon claws and gnashing its teeth.

Ning Zhuo had figured it out!

The new mechanical component was a forearm with a hand attached. It looked very sturdy, and could float in the air.

Ning Zhuo continued casting spells and got another floating arm, a mechanical wooden staff, and a set of twelve mechanical rings.

“So this room gives you bonus equipment depending on the number of spells you’ve learned.

“It seems this level is meant to test my ability to cast spells.”

Ning Zhuo then entered Room 5.

A long hallway appeared in front of him. It was at least ten times longer than the one in Room 2.

What kind of traps would there be this time?

In the City Lord Mansion.

“Hahaha!” Meng Chong laughed loudly. “I’ve reached the peak of the third level, and it only took three days. Who could be faster than me?”

For three days and three nights, he had cultivated almost without sleep. Now, he had finally succeeded.

“I’ll be the first one to enter the immortal palace!!

“But, how do I get in…”

The next moment, Meng Chong’s eyes went dark, and his soul was directly pulled away.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit stood up excitedly. It had been waiting for this moment for a long time.

It immediately sent a message to Meng Chong’s mind: “Lava Immortal Palace’s mechanical arts inheritance, soul guided by thread, Qi Refining test… activate innate talent, circulate Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation at full strength, leave Room 1 and enter Room 2!”

The next moment, a fire whip appeared in the main hall of the immortal palace and viciously struck the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit.

A loud crack rang out, and the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit slammed to the ground.

The fire whip faded away, and the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit’s face was twisted in agony. However, its fierce expression also showed excitement, because it saw that Meng Chong immediately began circulating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

At the same time, arcs of electricity began emanating from his torso.

Crackle…

Lightning flashed continuously, growing stronger and stronger.

The small hill of mechanical components began trembling slowly, and five mechanical components flew out from within.

A few breaths later, these five components struck Meng Chong’s torso and assembled themselves in an instant.

Meng Chong clenched his fists and puffed out his chest, raising his head and letting out a loud roar. The electricity on his body surged, shooting upward and forming a majestic pillar of lightning.

Boom…

The small hill of mechanical components collapsed under this power.

Amid the smoke and dust, Meng Chong held his head high and strode forward.

He touched the door, and the rewards appeared in his mind.

“The Lava Immortal Palace’s inheritance test is quite interesting!”

Meng Chong didn’t even look at the mechanical component or spell options and chose the spirit stone without hesitation.

"Room 2, here I come."

He flung the door open and swaggered in.

Bam!

A trap activated, and a heavy hammer fell from the sky.

Meng Chong didn’t even have time to react before being smashed into countless wooden fragments.

“What just happened?” With the puppet body being destroyed, Meng Chong’s soul was sent back to his real body.

He was completely confused.

After thinking about it, he came to a realization. “It looks like I triggered a trap after opening the door.”

A moment later, Meng Chong called over Fei Si.

Fei Si heard about what happened and immediately gave enthusiastic congratulations, spending a long time praising Meng Chong.

Meng Chong snorted. “I am the genius of the Meng Clan. I can’t embarrass my grandfather! Tell me, what should I do?”

Fei Si sighed, “As it turns out, the inheritance test of the Lava Immortal Palace has undergone a huge change now that it’s reached the Qi Refining stage!

“Recently, I’ve been reading up on all kinds of information about Three Schools Supreme Sage, trying to learn about his thoughts, personality, et cetera…

“If my guess is correct, young master, then the rewards you mentioned should contain a key item that will be of great use to you.”

Meng Chong immediately fell into thought. “Which one is it? The spirit stone, the hanging ring, or One Gust of Air?

“Also, when will I reenter the Lava Immortal Palace?”

After this failure, even though his soul power was still sufficient, he wouldn’t return before six hours were up.

…

Ning Zhuo entered the palace for the seventh time.

Last time, he failed in Room 5 after using up all his spirit power reserves.

“Room 5 is similar to Room 2. I need to run and jump past all the obstacles and reach the end of the hallway.

“But it’s at least three times more difficult!

“Although I can grab a lot of mechanical components, I’m not familiar with them. When it comes to running and jumping, they’re just extraneous burdens.

“And more importantly, those extra mechanical components also increase my consumption of spirit power.

“Huh?!”

Arriving at Room 2, Ning Zhuo found that the trap he’d laid here had been triggered.

It was the Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform.

Previously, he had used it to try smashing the stone pillar that held the ranking lists. On his fourth entry into the palace, he had come up with the idea of moving it to Room 2 and turning it into a trap.

On his fifth entry, finding his trap still intact, he was extremely excited.

His experiment was successful!

Thus, with the help of the Buddha Heart Demon Seal, Ning Zhuo added a lot of extra features to Rooms 2 and 3.

“Meng Chong has entered the palace.

“And then, he got smashed.

“I already know that the minimum interval is six hours. Since that’s the case, I can roughly estimate his entry time and avoid running into him.”

Ning Zhuo once again felt urgency, and his face filled with wariness.

"A super-grade innate talent…

“This time, I’ll have to add a few more traps.

“Or I won’t be able to calm down!”

