Chapter 49: Receiving Rewards, Surrender

Standing in front of the five-sided stone pillar, Ning Zhuo touched the surface with his palm and immediately received a message.

He was receiving the rewards for ranking first in the Qi Refining List, the Speedrun List and the Progress List!

The reward options were the same as ever – spirit stones, mechanical components, and spells. Ning Zhuo was only allowed to choose one for each list.

“The spirit stone reward has a hundred spirit stones!” Ning Zhuo was slightly shocked.

So far, the maximum level clear reward he had seen was only ten spirit stones.

Now there were a hundred, a full tenfold increase!

Ning Zhuo immediately decided to grab the spirit stone reward at least once.

Setting up traps required using a lot of things from the maintenance room, and he couldn’t avoid the fees with the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

The more traps he set up, the more Ning Zhuo felt the squeeze.

But now, with a hundred more spirit stones in hand, there was no longer anything to worry about.

As for the mechanical component option, there were more than a dozen possible choices. Ning Zhuo saw the hanging ring, spring force coiling wire, little flying box, and more.

There were also familiar choices among the spells, such as the Icy Embrace Art, Fiery Grasp Art, and Wood Grafting Art.

Seeing the young man standing in front of the ranking list with his head lowered in thought, the watching Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit couldn’t help but reveal some nervousness.

Ning Zhuo activated the Buddha Heart Demon Seal without hesitation.

Unfortunately, he found that it didn’t allow him to choose multiple rewards.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit saw Ning Zhuo fail his attempt, but only snorted slightly and didn’t lose its nervous expression.

“Strange.” Ning Zhuo felt that something was off.

“This is a little strange.”

He was very good at sensing problems from little details.

“Each of these rewards is the same, letting me choose from one of three options.

“But there are differences in the value of these three options.

“The spirit stone option is a hundred spirit stones, but the other two options are no different from the normal level clear rewards.

“I’ve taken most of these rewards before, and have learned almost all these spells.

“Three Schools Supreme Sage couldn’t have made such a basic mistake… In other words, the true value of the other two reward options is far greater than it seems.

“I’ll give them all a try!”

Ning Zhuo came to a conclusion after thinking.

Since he had three chances to pick a reward, he would choose each option once.

One hundred spirit stones appeared in his hand.

For the mechanical component, he chose the hanging ring.

For his final choice, the spell, Ning Zhuo chose one of the spells that he hadn’t yet learned – the Metal Plucking Art.

The next moment, the message containing the spell details appeared in his mind.

Ning Zhuo instantly became emotional!

The Metal Plucking Art was a spell that could absorb metal and condense it between the fingers.

Of course, this alone wasn’t enough to move Ning Zhuo’s heart.

The real key was that, along with the spell details, numerous insights and cultivation experiences regarding the Metal Plucking Art also surged into his mind.

Although Ning Zhuo had only just obtained the Metal Plucking Art, his understanding of it was immediately raised to the level of someone who had practiced the spell for two and a half years!

“Direct enlightenment? Instilling the cultivation experiences of previous generations into the mind of the successor?

“Incredible, really incredible.

“This way, I can save a lot of time and energy.”

Ning Zhuo was delighted.

Compared to Meng Chong and the others, his background was nothing. But the rewards from holding a spot on the ranking allowed him to make up for some of his disadvantages.

Having tested the spell option, Ning Zhuo carefully checked the hanging ring he had received from the mechanical component option.

However, he found that it wasn’t much different from the normal clear reward.

But Ning Zhuo already had a guess in his heart, which he would have to verify in the future.

…

As soon as the time limit was up, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit immediately pulled Meng Chong into the immortal palace.

When he came to the door this time, Meng Chong chose the mechanical component for his reward.

Staring at the hanging ring in his hand, he wondered aloud, “How am I supposed to use this thing?”

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit gritted its teeth and sent a message into Meng Chong’s mind, telling him how to use the hanging ring and even including some mechanical diagrams.

In an instant, two fire whips appeared in the main hall and viciously struck the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit!

Crack! Crack!

For a moment, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit clenched its claws and gritted its teeth, enduring the whipping as its body trembled and its expression distorted in pain.

Receiving the message, Meng Chong made a noise of realization. “So that’s how it is.”

His brows furrowed. He didn’t really like using intricate devices like this and much preferred directly rushing forward.

This time, before entering Room 2, he gently opened the door just a crack.

After thinking for a while, he held up the hanging ring and aimed it in a certain direction, making it shoot out an indigo diamond.

The diamond quickly merged with the wall.

Meng Chong manipulated the hanging ring again, and the thin wire immediately tightened.

“I’ll use the wire to accelerate and rush over in one go!” Meng Chong activated his super-grade innate talent, Ferocious Rushing Thunder.

The next moment, arcs of lightning flickered all over his body.

As the thin wire retracted rapidly, Meng Chong shoved the door open and ran forward at full force.

Crackles rang out as lightning flashed!

His speed reached its maximum in an instant. He was almost like a bolt of lightning piercing forward.

But the next moment, a giant fishing net shot upward from beneath the floor tiles and firmly entangled Meng Chong’s body.

Every thread of this fishing net was made of spring force coiling wire, granting the net extremely powerful elasticity and resilience.

The fishing net stretched generously, looking like a bowstring pulled all the way back.

Meng Chong’s speed plummeted, and within a few breaths, all his momentum completely disappeared.

Then, the fishing net snapped back into shape, shooting him out like a bullet!

Crash.

A clear sound echoed out as he smashed into the closed door, and his puppet body fell apart on the spot.

Thud.

The next moment, a giant hammer fell down from the ceiling.

Meng Chong… was destroyed.

After coming back to his senses in his real body, Meng Chong shouted in anger.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit also scraped the ground fiercely with fury in its eyes.

…

In the underground prison.

Han Ming slowly raised her head and looked at Hanging-Hair Traveler. Her face was haggard and her expression was numb, as if her spirit was already broken.

How many times had her soul essence been extracted?

She couldn't remember.

She had fallen unconscious several times already.

Han Ming no longer cursed and scolded Ning Zhuo. On the one hand, her physical condition was too poor. And on the other, she had completely recognized her reality.

This cruel reality had ruthlessly crushed her pride, forcing her to think hard about how she could survive.

“Don’t control me anymore, I’ll cooperate.

“I’ll offer up my soul essence voluntarily.”

Ning Zhuo, in the guise of Hanging-Hair Traveler, was slightly stunned. Then, he nodded. “Han Ming, so you’ve finally figured things out. That’s great, I’m happy for you.”

Han Ming immediately felt anger surge, but she held herself back. “Please give me the Soul Capturing Shuttle and remove some of the restrictions on the chains.”

Ning Zhuo smiled. “No rush. Have something to eat first.”

He coordinated a dozen puppets to feed Han Ming together. Some sat on her shoulders, holding long ladles and feeding her soup. Some tread on her chest, holding up chicken legs, pig trotters, etc. Some worked together to hold chopsticks and feed her vegetables.

After Han Ming finished a sumptuous meal, little puppets holding handkerchiefs hung down from her hair, wiping the corners of her mouth while dangling.

Finally, three little puppets brought various fruits to Han Ming for an after-meal snack.

