Chapter 51: First Level

Human beings had three dantians. At first glance, it might seem plausible to equally cultivate three techniques, one in each dantian.

But in reality, doing so was extremely difficult.

The three dantians were not completely independent. They were all part of a cultivator’s body, and thus influenced each other.

For example, if one dantian cultivated a frost-type technique, the other two dantians would also be affected, subtly changing in that direction.

At that point, if these other two dantians cultivated different techniques, it would be like pulling the body in three different directions; sooner or later, things would fall apart. Usually, this meant that the magical power, essence blood, and divine soul would conflict with each other, leading to backlash and even qi deviation.

How was the quality of a cultivation technique judged?

Very simple.

How many dantians did the technique cultivate? To what extent? And how efficient was the process of cultivation?

Inferior techniques often cultivated a single dantian, ignoring the others, and even left behind hidden dangers.

Ordinary techniques only cultivated a single dantian, but had no negative side effects.

More sophisticated techniques focused on one dantian but also nourished either of the other two dantians slightly.

Superb and outstanding techniques focused on one dantian and provided significant nourishment to one or even both of the other two.

As for ultimate techniques used by the super factions, they cultivated two dantians while still providing nourishment to the last one.

Of course, all this only takes into account the techniques themselves.

In reality, there were various complicating factors!

For example, the demonic cultivator Han Ming practiced two different techniques.

One was the Nine Turns Soul Devouring Incantation, which mainly cultivated the middle dantian and upper dantian.

She also practiced the Immortal Zombie Life Transformation Grand Magic, which cultivated the lower dantian.

Ordinary cultivators couldn’t follow her example. Cultivating these two techniques at the same time would cause the zombie body to conflict with the Nine Turns Soul Devouring Incantation’s magical power. At best, their cultivation efficiency would plummet; at worst, they would fall into qi deviation.

Han Ming could only do this because of her low-grade innate talent, Yin Corpse Qi.

All cultivators had spirit roots, but not all cultivators had innate talents.

A cultivator’s innate talent influenced countless aspects of their cultivation, lasting through their entire cultivation journey. Whether it was Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, Nascent Soul, or even Void Refining, an innate talent always had a huge impact.

…

Although Ning Zhuo only obtained the first three levels of each technique, he was a human-shaped library and had excellent insight.

He was certain that these three techniques were all of superb quality.

“These three techniques can be cultivated in tandem, and the three treasures they nourish can coexist harmoniously!

“The most important thing is that this kind of harmonious coexistence doesn’t require an innate talent. As long as you have the most basic qualifications to cultivate, you can practice these techniques freely.

“These are definitely top-tier cultivation techniques!”

Ning Zhuo was so excited that his eyes grew moist.

“Mother, just like you said, I got the Lava Immortal Palace’s Qi Refining techniques.

“And the real techniques are better than you ever imagined. They’re simply perfect!

“I’m going to cultivate all of them.”

His mother’s last will had long been engraved in Ning Zhuo’s heart. Her hopes and expectations had become a heavy responsibility, as well as the young man’s challenge to his own destiny!

…

Meng Chong was also challenging himself.

His training hall had been specially redesigned to help him practice better.

With his Ferocious Rushing Thunder active, Meng Chong continuously dashed around in the training hall filled with obstacles.

Bang, bang, bang…

The sound of him smashing into obstacles echoed ceaselessly within the hall.

“I can do this!”

“I can definitely do this.”

Meng Chong occasionally paused, panting heavily and covered in sweat. His eyes shone, and he refused to relax for even a moment.

Soon, he resumed his special training.

...

In the Zhou Clan.

“Ah Shen, I did it!” Zhou Zhu walked out of the Gathering-Dispersal As-You-Wish Ebbing Spirit Formation. Right now, he was already at the peak of the third level of Qi Refining.

Zhou Zeshen nodded. “Big Zhu, you’re awesome!”

Zhou Zhu said, “If I hadn’t been delayed in the middle, I would have reached this point faster. Meng Chong wasn’t disturbed by the assassin, so he must have broken through even earlier than me.

“Out of the immortal city’s four major forces, only the Ning Clan wasn’t attacked.”

Zhou Zeshen shook his head. “You want to say that it was the Ning Clan who did it? There’s no evidence, and even if there was, it might not be true.

“If the Ning Clan was really so anxious not to fall behind, they wouldn’t be so slow to pick out people for recultivation.

“Looking at the results, the Ning Clan is still in last place. As for the one in the lead, that’s still the City Lord Mansion. Personally, I think they’re the most likely culprit!”

“Makes sense.” Zhou Zhu nodded. Just as he was about to continue speaking, his eyes suddenly rolled back.

Plop.

He fell to the ground, unconscious.

Zhou Zeshen was shocked. “Big Zhu, what’s wrong?

“Your soul! Where's your soul?

“Someone, hurry! Enemy attack! Another attack!”

With Zhou Zeshen sounding the alarm, the entire Zhou Clan was sent into a panic.

…

In the main hall of the Lava Immortal Palace.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit cowered, enduring fierce whippings.

In Room 1, Zhou Zhu fumbled around for a long time before thinking of using the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation and sucking over a mechanical component.

He took too long; just as he was about to reach the door, he ran out of spirit power, and his puppet body fell to the ground.

He failed.

Zhou Zhu returned to his body, carrying valuable first-hand experience.

That night was a sleepless one for the Zhou Clan’s leaders.

As for Zhou Zeshen, he spent it dispersing his power.

…

Ning Zhuo ate and drank so much that his belly bulged obviously.

Closing his eyes, he stood up straight and activated the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique!

His essence blood surged, and his circulation accelerated. The circulating essence blood penetrated into his muscle membranes, thickening them at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Essence Refining, first level!

Soon, Ning Zhuo stomach growled.

…

In the Zheng Clan.

“Oh?” During a break, Zheng Jian heard a new piece of information. “The Zhou Clan’s Zhou Zhu was attacked again?”

“That’s right. In order to prevent any accidents, more people will be sent to guard the artifact smithing room.” A servant gave their report.

Zheng Jian frowned. He had an inexplicable feeling that there was something fishy going on.

“It doesn’t matter. I’ve already reached the second level of Qi Refining, so I just have to work harder until I reach the peak of the third level.” Zheng Jian resumed his bitter cultivation.

Sitting cross-legged on a meditation mat, he continued to gather magical power. All the while, several hook-shaped magic artifacts circled around him.

…

Ning Zhuo was also sitting on the meditation mat. In front of him, there was a burning stick of incense.

This was Calming Soul Incense. He was using it to aid his cultivation of the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation.

This technique could reinforce his soul repository and deepen the foundation of his divine sea.

By the time the incense stick burned out, Ning Zhuo’s divine intent in his upper dantian had increased by 600%, rising with incredible efficiency.

“I’ve eaten a lot of Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes and thus already had a strong foundation. Now that I’m cultivating the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation, the benefits of this foundation have become obvious.”

Faintly ecstatic, Ning Zhuo immediately continued cultivating hard.

Spirit Refining, first level!

After reaching the first level, the divine intent in his upper dantian had converged to form a spiritual mirror.

Through this mirror, Ning Zhuo could communicate with the natural world’s spiritual beings.

The more intelligent a lifeform was, the more spiritual it became.

Man is the spirit of all living beings.

“The Lava Immortal Palace’s palace spirit is also a spiritual being. Can I communicate with it?” This thought came to Ning Zhuo’s mind.
