Chapter 52: Unexpected Incident

Qi Refining, peak of the third level!

Zheng Jian’s soul was drawn into the palace.

As soon as he received the entry message, his innate talent of Heart-Piercing Insight activated.

“Pass through Room 1 and enter Room 2?”

He subconsciously began circulating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation.

Soon after, he placed his hand on the door. When it came time to choose his reward, he held his breath and concentrated hard, trying to trigger his Heart-Piercing Insight again.

Nothing happened.

Zheng Jian wasn’t discouraged. After analyzing things clearly, he chose the mechanical component reward and received a hanging ring.

Although he wasn’t particularly skilled in mechanical arts, he had deep knowledge of artifact crafting and soon figured out the way to use it.

But just as he was about to push the door open, an incomparable terror swept through his heart!

“I’ll die! I’ll die! I’ll die!!”

The premonition given by his Heart-Piercing Insight shook him to the core.

Zheng Jian gritted his teeth and forced out his courage. “So, there’s a life-and-death situation behind this door?

“How can I be sure if I don’t see it with my own eyes?”

He pushed the door open.

He walked through.

Bang!

He shattered.

...

In the underground prison.

Ning Zhuo gently loosened the chains and told Han Ming, “You’ve been working hard these days. Have a good rest.”

The chains he had always used to bind Han Ming forced her to constantly stand.

But Han Ming had now changed her attitude and was actively offering up her soul essence to Ning Zhuo. Thus, Ning Zhuo had gradually loosened her constraints. And today, he loosened the chains to the point that Han Ming could finally lie down on the ground.

Han Ming was already very tired. The moment she touched the ground, her eyes closed and she fell asleep.

Meanwhile, Ning Zhuo absorbed the soul essence in the Soul Capturing Shuttle. When he finished, he found that his soul power was almost fifty times greater than it was originally!

“Thanks to my soul foundation, all those Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes, and lots of medicinal pills, my soul refining has continued progressing rapidly.

“Demonic techniques are usually very fast, but this Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation isn’t slow either.”

Right now, Ning Zhuo had cultivated both techniques to the first level.

His cultivation speed was far faster than in the past.

Almost every day, he saw visible progress.

He was completely addicted to cultivation.

…

Zheng Jian gathered his strength and flung open the first door.

Bang.

Zhou Zhu gritted his teeth and pushed open the first door.

Bang.

Zheng Jian: “Hmph, I’ll try something different. This time, I’ll use the hanging ring to block the hammer above my head. That should by me a little time.”

Bang.

Zhou Zhu: “If I do it how Ah Shen told me, I should be able to break through this time.”

Bang.

…

First place in all five rankings!

Essence Refining, second level. Spirit Refining, second level.

Ning Zhuo happily received his rewards.

He was always in need of spirit stones, so he chose this option twice.

Two hundred spirit stones immediately appeared in front of him.

There was no way around it. Zhou Zhu and Zheng Jian had joined the race, causing Ning Zhuo’s traps to be used up faster and faster.

With his remaining three choices, Ning Zhuo picked two spells and one mechanical component.

He had tested things out already. Even if he chose a spell that he already knew, it would still grant him a deeper understanding, allowing him to save a lot of time and energy. It was very cost-effective.

As for the mechanical component… His previous conjecture had already been verified. The mechanical components obtained from the ranking rewards would hold over to the next exploration.

However, most of the mechanical components he obtained this way were used to set traps.

…

Because of Ning Zhuo’s arrangements, Zhou Zhu and Zheng Jian’s feelings about the immortal palace exploration turned from surprise to shock, then pain, and finally despair.

“Why, why is it so difficult?!”

“It’s been so long, and we can’t even get past the first door?”

Zheng Jian and Zhou Zhu looked at each other.

They had met up a long time ago and confirmed each other’s identities.

“We can’t go on like this. Zhou Zhu, our only hope of passing is if we work together.” Zheng Jian was the first to propose cooperation.

Zhou Zhu nodded. “Sure. You go in first.”

Zheng Jian stared at him in shock. “Are you kidding me? Look at how tall you are, you’re basically a pillar. We’ll go in at the same time, and I’ll rush through while you’re blocking the hammer.”

“Why can’t you be the one blocking it for me?” Zhou Zhu retorted.

Neither of them could convince the other, and for a while, they were stuck in a stalemate.

They weren’t willing to give away free benefits.

…

Through a hidden mechanical component, Ning Zhuo later observed this scene.

“Looks like the Zhou Clan, Zheng Clan, and City Lord Mansion will team up soon.”

Ning Zhuo knew clearly that this was inevitable.

Alone, they couldn’t even pass the first door. Only by working together would there be hope.

In fact, the top leaders of the Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan had already reached the conclusion that sincere cooperation was a part of the test!

The Zhou Clan said, “Three Schools Supreme Sage is full of compassion. He wants us to coexist peacefully and cooperate with each other.”

The Zheng Clan agreed. “Yes, this must be the case. The Lava Immortal Palace has already emerged, and news is spreading rapidly. We must seize this period of time, cooperate sincerely, and conquer the immortal palace before the outside world can react!”

After reaching an agreement, the Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan secretly contacted the City Lord Mansion.

Meng Chong was called over, and when he learned the reason behind the visit, he snorted in disdain. “Only the weak have to work together. The truly strong should walk alone!”

Having successfully completed his special training, Meng Chong was once again brought into the Lava Immortal Palace.

As the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit watched in anticipation, he pushed the door to Room 2 open.

Crackle!

With a slight noise, bursting electricity erupted.

The net came to scoop him up, but it was a moment late.

The heavy hammer slammed down, but caught empty air.

Transparent wires stretched between the walls. Meng Chong quickly located each one, flew through the gaps, and rushed past all the obstacles!

His head was held high as he stood in front of the second door. “Hmph, that’s all there is to this Room 2.”

After choosing the spirit stone reward, he flung the door open and strode into Room 3.

In Room 3, thirty to forty kung fu puppets raised their heads in unison. Their eyes emitted dazzling yellow light.

Ning Zhuo had frozen these puppets in later levels and painstakingly relocated them to Room 3.

Meng Chong: …

A while later, his soul returned to his body.

Due to overusing his immortal talent, Meng Chong’s cheeks were sunken in, and the deep bags under his eyes had turned purplish.

“Room 3 is even harder!” Eyes full of ferocity, he wanted to get up and start cultivating. However, he was too tired; as soon as he moved, his vision went black and he directly fell asleep.

…

“As expected of a super-grade innate talent.” Ning Zhuo sighed sincerely after watching the recorded video of Meng Chong passing the level.

“Although Meng Chong is still fighting alone, his success will definitely provoke the Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan into joining forces faster.

“Now that they have first-hand experience, the three forces will definitely do their best to have others recultivate.

“Soon, I’ll be facing full teams of cultivators.”

Ning Zhuo was gradually feeling the pressure.

More people would cause more trouble. If Ning Zhuo was seen entering and exiting the immortal palace, it would sharply increase his chances of being exposed.

One day, he entered the Lava Immortal Palace again and found a shocking scene.

“What’s going on!?”

In Room 2, all the traps had been destroyed.

The Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform was shoved up against a wall.

The giant swinging logs were all shattered.

Everything was a mess.

Ning Zhuo quickly picked up the hidden recorder to see what had happened.

The next moment, he was completely shocked.

