Chapter 525: Military Conference

The turmoil triggered by the incident involving the Three Generals Camp soon spread to the entire frontline camp.

The supervising general Zhao Xi, with almost impeccable reasoning, directly dismissed the Quartermaster, drawing the attention and awe of countless people.

As the saying goes, a new official burns three fires upon taking office.

Zhao Xi’s first fire burned quite spectacularly, instantly establishing his authority.

The Three Generals Camp, as an important player in the matter, also allowed others to see them in a new light.

“This bunch of foreign riffraff, they actually sneakily colluded with Zhao Xi.”

“To think they managed to scheme against the Quartermaster -Liu Er, that mixed-blood really should not be underestimated!”

“What, do they even have the guts and insight for this? It was nothing but Zhao Xi’s behind-the-scenes design, secretly instructing them to do so.”

“From now on, we must treat the Three Generals Camp with caution. They have clung onto Zhao Xi; they’re not to be trifled with.”

In an instant, the reputation of the Three Generals Camp spread far and wide.

Of course, it was not a good reputation.

Firstly, Liu Er, as a mixed-blood, and Liu, Guan, and Zhang were all outsiders, and the Three Generals Camp was a newly established army with very few connections in Twin Rivers Nation.

Secondly, Zhao Xi’s personal reputation had never been pleasant. The two of them together were, in everyone’s eyes, absolutely like-minded in their stench.

Regardless of others' criticisms, the Three Generals Camp had emerged from among more than a dozen armies, becoming an entity every officer had to treat with caution.

The generals then paid even more attention to Zhao Xi.

Zhao Xi’s next move came much earlier than others had expected.

One day later, Zhao Xi publicly announced that after his moral persuasion and patient negotiations that moved people with emotion, the Three Generals Camp’s military strategist Ning Zhuo was willing to share his three mechanical creations to facilitate the army in clearing the battlefield more quickly.

And the three mechanical creations could be exchanged based on battle achievements.

Naturally, the generals all developed a strong interest.

Upon trying them out, the officers were full of praise for Ning Zhuo’s mechanical works. Consequently, they also developed a great fondness for Zhao Xi, who had brought this about.

“Who would have thought that the Three Generals Camp’s strategist Ning Zhuo possessed such ingenuity.”

“Hmm, he was truly skilled in the art of mechanisms. These mechanical creations were so targeted at the Ginseng Whiskers that they reduced our harvesting time by at least eighty percent!”

“Not surprising, as he is the man capable of marrying Mulan.”

“Hiss... is he really only sixteen years old? So young, yet already the son-in-law of Grand Marshal Mu’s mansion, and possessing such mechanical prowess -compared to him, I might as well have lived on a dog!”

“Not to mention! It is said that the entire military budget of the Three Generals Camp was sponsored by him; he even sponsored the Red Flower Battalion. Previously in Wooden Wheel Town, he had spent a fortune, lavishly purchasing heavy armor, buying up the entire share of the Three Generals Camp in one go! If not for that, how could the Three Generals Camp afford so much heavy armor?”

“Young, wealthy, talented, and handsome...”

“He was also from a prominent clan.”

“The only flaw is that his cultivation was too poor, only at the Foundation Establishment stage,” someone jealously remarked.

“That’s already very good! He was only sixteen -most cultivators his age were still at the Qi Refinement stage.”

“Then the only flaw is that his head is a bit big,” the envious person added.

“Is that a flaw? A big head makes one look smart. No, he is simply very clever, otherwise how could he have achieved such extraordinary accomplishments.”

“Then his flaw is that his combat power is not...” the nitpicker could not continue, for he recalled Ning Zhuo’s Golden Core-level combat power displayed in previous battles.

Along with the great popularity of the mechanical creations, Ning Zhuo, as an inventor, also had his name widely spread throughout the army.

Golden Core-level and Nascent Soul-level generals frequently set out to sweep the battlefield.

The battle achievements of the generals soared one after another, yet Liu Er’s top spot on the rankings remained unshaken!

The reason was simple: the Ginseng Whiskers on the battlefield were already scarce. In a situation of plenty of monks but little porridge, although the generals’ harvesting ability had greatly increased, the number of targets they could secure was much fewer.

While everyone was scrambling for Ginseng Whiskers, the Three Generals Camp began intensive and frequent training.

Thousand Peaks Forest, Allied Frontline Camp.

In the conference hall, the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth performed spells in front of everyone, displaying the images of the three heavy treasures.

The first was the glazed heart-blood of the Ginseng Whiskered Dragon King.

It was not a pool of blood, nor a smear of bloodstain, but a cluster of crystals buried among shattered stones.

The outer layer of the crystal cluster was almost completely transparent, while inside it contained a mass of earthy-yellow pulp.

Every seven breaths, the pulp would tremble, like a heartbeat, producing ripples.

Each time these ripples spread outward, they would trigger a wave of disturbance in the surrounding earth spirit power.

The second was the earth of the Ginseng Whiskered Dragon King’s root wall where its body was rooted.

This soil was not loose but glistening and moist, like a honeycomb. Every grain of soil took on a hexagonal shape, closely attached to the surrounding grains, forming the shape of a stone block.

The soil exhibited a tender yellow hue; merely from its appearance and color, it gave one a feeling of extreme fertility and vitality.

Strangely, the stone blocks around it, like other piles of shattered stones, had not sprouted dense weeds or vines despite its vigorous vitality.

This was because the Ginseng root wall soil contained the profound meaning of the earth path, its vitality being very deep and reserved. Only by rooting within it could one absorb its surging nutrients.

The third was a huge dragon-shaped talisman.

It resembled a dragon’s silhouette, wandering deep beneath the earth. On closer inspection, every line of the talisman was full of dynamism, as if the dragon’s sinews were pulsating, ready to soar at any moment.

The talisman seemed to contain endless power, imparting a pressure that reached deep into one’s heart, making one involuntarily revere it, and also fear it.

This was precisely one of the writings of the Dragon Vein!

The eyes of all the cultivators were irresistibly drawn to the image of the heavy treasures.

Among the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth, Tian Shuang said, “The two of us happened upon these three heavy treasures by mere coincidence.”

Dihu replied, “Our luck had arrived, but our strength had not. This time, we have come to sincerely invite those with ambition to cooperate in unearthing these three treasures!”

Although most of the cultivators in Thousand Peaks Forest were generally tempted, none agreed on the spot.

Some wore an expression of hesitation: “All three heavy treasures are on the battlefield. Among the cultivators who went to scavenge the battlefield before, only one or two out of ten survived. To try to seize the heavy treasures this time was completely gambling with one’s life.”

“Exactly! The military might of the Twin Rivers Nation is terrifying; how many people have fallen in that battlefield?”

“Treasure may be good, but life is more important!”

Tian Shuang snorted coldly, “We do not want cowards.”

Dihu then said, “Those confident in their own skills can contact us.”

The cultivators discussed in a flurry.

Lu Hongtu watched coldly on the sidelines.

At that moment, a gust of strong wind blew in, and the door curtain was suddenly flung open.

A withered, emaciated old man walked in slowly.

Though he was small in appearance, he exuded a majestic aura that commanded attention.

In fact, upon seeing this old man arrive, all the cultivators present, including the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth, all bowed and greeted him.

“Lord Long!”

“You have finally returned.”

“Now that you are here, our alliance finally has its backbone!”

Chen Lingfeng and the others were the happiest of all.

Lord Long scanned the room with his gaze, nodding slowly to everyone.

Then, under the watchful eyes of all, he leisurely walked over and sat in the main seat that had been empty all along.

He looked around meaningfully and said, “During the days I was absent, quite a few people were lost.”

The entire hall fell silent.

Lord Long then looked towards the images of the three heavy treasures floating in mid-air.

Tian Shuang laughed and said, “Lord Long, you are the temple keeper of the Ginseng Whiskered Dragon King. Are you interested in retrieving the glazed heart-blood and the Ginseng root wall soil?”

Lord Long replied, “My deity at home did not think these mere bloodstains and mud were sufficient.”

“According to the nature and capacity of our deity, this counts as him giving back to Heaven and Earth, a token for the destined.”

“If one were to specifically mobilize an army just to retrieve these, it would only bring ridicule.”

“If you are interested, you may give it a try.”

Upon hearing this, Chen Lingfeng was instantly agitated, his eyes wide. He detested Lu Hongtu’s inaction and had been looking forward to Lord Long’s return to discipline everyone, but he did not expect Lord Long to say such words.

Lord Long continued, “At present, the Dragon King's Giant Wood Mountain still stands, not destroyed by the enemy forces. Rescuing the fellow believers on Dragon King Mountain is the most critical military matter at present!”

“You all must follow my commands; next, we will consolidate our forces, train vigorously, and make full preparations to attack the enemy’s frontline camp.”

Everyone answered in unison, “Yes.”

Then, Lord Long began issuing orders one by one to every cultivator present.

The Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth left disappointed.

Dihu said, “This old fox Lord Long, though he allowed the cultivators to attempt treasure retrieval, also issued strict military orders to restrain everyone. Our plan has fallen through.”

Tian Shuang remarked, “To be appointed by the Dragon King as the supreme commander of the allied forces, he is by no means a simple person. He has likely seen through our scheme of luring people to their deaths, to refine a batch of suicide fodder, and was merely playing dumb.”

“Forget it.”

“We had persuaded many cultivators last time, and we had gathered quite a few cultivator souls-enough for us to refine a batch of suicide fodder.”

Dihu said, “At present, our first sect mission has been completed.”

“It is time to look for an opportunity to complete the second mission.”

The two missions of the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth were: one, to help Thousand Peaks Forest construct the Ghost Gate Pass to counter the Iron Flow Leveling the Plains military strategy; the second was to capture Ning Zhuo.

Tian Shuang said, “Previously, Ning Zhuo was part of Iron Flow military strategy, so we had difficulty taking action. Next, the armies of the Twin Rivers Nation will very likely be deployed all around; we must lurk on the outskirts of the battlefield, waiting for an opportunity.”

Dihu nodded, “Alright.”

Twin Rivers Nation, Frontline Camp.

A Golden Core-level warhorse, carrying a heavily injured and near-death general, galloped urgently towards the camp gate.

At the gate, the Golden Core warhorse exhausted its strength and died.

The sustained demonic art it maintained also ended as a result, and the near-death general Xu Dali fell to the ground.

The soldiers guarding the gate hurried forward to inspect.

Xu Dali was in a state of near-unconsciousness; the soldiers could not rouse him and immediately reported the situation.

Soon, several military doctors rushed over; after giving urgent treatment to Xu Dali’s injuries, they took him into the camp for care.

A cultivator of the illustrious Nascent Soul level was in such a miserable state. Xu Dali’s situation made many generals who learned of it sigh in sympathy.

Since its establishment, the Barbarian Demon Battalion had repeatedly suffered setbacks, and now it was completely annihilated.

In recent days, not only had Xu Dali returned, but many other armies, after long journeys breaking through numerous blockades and ambushes, had successfully joined the main forces.

Their casualties were generally heavy.

The annihilated Barbarian Demon Battalion under Xu Dali was an exception.

The supervising general Zhao Xi presided over military affairs, disbanding and reorganizing many under-strength troops, allowing some of the generals to choose for themselves.

The Three Generals Camp became the object of choice for many soldiers.

The top spot on the battle merit list made them see the strength of the Three Generals Camp.

Furthermore, learning that the Three Generals Camp was of the same lineage as Zhao Xi, and with Zhao Xi now holding great power, more people chose to join under Liu Er’s command.

Since Liu Er left the camp, the number of times he harvested Ginseng Whiskers had greatly decreased. Every time he made a move, it was merely to maintain the top position on the ranking list.

Reputation was also very important to the Three Generals Camp.

The battle merit list only published the rankings, without publicizing the exact number of each person’s achievements.

But the supervising general Zhao Xi was well aware of these secrets and secretly informed the Three Generals Camp, enabling them to precisely control the scores, firmly maintain the top spot, and also train the soldiers to the best of their ability.

“These pieces of intelligence, look them over carefully and select suitable targets for attack. Remember, destroy them after reading.” Zhao Xi dispatched his trusted subordinate to deliver a great deal of intelligence to Ning Zhuo.

The map had been marked in detail.

Taking the Dragon King's Giant Wood Mountain as the center, the surrounding strongholds were clear at a glance.

Liu, Guan, Zhang, and Ning huddled around the map, engaging in a secret and fervent discussion.

While most generals were busy scavenging the battlefield, they had already been choosing their next target.

Zhang Hei said, “Cultivation encompasses a hundred arts, but alchemy comes first! The first target, without doubt, is this one -the Twisted Root Hundred-Herb Grotto.”

Guan Hong stroked his beard and said, “Although there is an alchemy chamber in the Hundred-Herb Grotto, the pills are extremely easy to transport and damage. If we attack there, the benefits may not be great. It would be better to attack the Ten-Li Burning Forest, which is the best location for artifact refining in Thousand Peaks Forest. Magical tools and treasures, especially the large ones, are not easy to transport and damage, and the gains will be assured.”

Zhang Hei was taken aback, “Oh, that’s right, second brother.”

Liu Er pointed to a spot on the map, “Here is the Thousand Vine Talisman Corridor. According to the intelligence, the vines intertwine and grow, not only forming corridors outside the mountain but also creating living talismans.”

“Every vine leaf is a different type of talisman.”

“If our army can obtain this batch of talismans, according to the relations of Lord Zhao Xi, we would definitely secure a huge sum in advance, offsetting later with battle achievements.”

“This would undoubtedly greatly assist our upcoming battles.”

Zhang Hei hummed, nodding in agreement, “Elder brother, your idea is very good.”

Ning Zhuo pondered, “Yunjian Yelong Platform is the transformed Feilai Peak. If our army could seize it for ourselves, we would suddenly become like the Fire Cloud Battalion, capable of fighting in the air.”

“If in the future, we continue to transform this Feilai Peak, constructing camps or even cities, it will be the foundation of our army.”

Zhang Hei glared, “The strategist’s idea is even more brilliant -simply brilliant!”

Liu Er and Guan Hong were also attracted by the prospects Ning Zhuo painted, and for a moment, they were spellbound.

Zhang Hei lowered his head, staring at the military map, “These are all good places, but where exactly should we attack?”

The other three once again fell into deep thought, unable to decide for the time being.