Chapter 53: Yuan Dasheng[^1]

A gigantic mechanical ape appeared in front of Ning Zhuo.

This ape was at least four or five times the size of Ning Zhuo’s puppet body. Its build was very robust, with each of its arms being as thick as Ning Zhuo’s puppet body’s torso.

However, it wasn’t clumsy in the slightest.

It lightly pushed the first door open, then bent over to pass through.

The top of the door frame didn’t even reach its waistline.

It immediately triggered a trap, and the Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform descended upon it.

Without even looking up, the mechanical ape stretched out its arms and reached toward the sky.

At the same time, it straightened its body. Its presence was like a majestic mountain rising from the ground!

After its burly arms made contact with the Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform, it didn’t block by force. Instead, it shifted subtly, cleverly applying its strength the deflect the platform.

Bang!

In the mechanical ape’s hands, the Thousand Jun Heavy Hammer Platform was gently guided away from its original trajectory and slammed into the wall on one side.

The mechanical ape remained calm.

It had hardly moved since entering the room, only standing tall and upright.

After taking care of the trap, the mechanical ape looked at its arms.

Had it resisted by force, its wooden arms would have shattered long ago. But right now, they only had minor cracks.

“Light force to move great heaviness!” Seeing this, Ning Zhuo instantly realized that the mechanical ape’s close combat skills were probably better than those of the kung fu puppets.

When deflecting the heavy platform just now, its movements revealed the grace and beauty of strength.

The mechanical ape continued forward.

Bang.

It triggered another trap, and a metal fishing net shot up from the ground.

Jumping lightly, the mechanical ape stretched out its arms and precisely grasped the edges of the metal fishing net.

Then, it performed a backward spin in midair.

When it fell to the ground, its heavy body made only a slight noise. As for the metal fishing net, it had been torn apart, and its remnants draped over the mechanical ape like a protective cloak.

Ning Zhuo was stunned.

"This is definitely a master of martial arts!"

The mechanical ape’s movements were smooth and flowing, taking the enemy’s power as its own. Not only was it strong enough to effortlessly rip apart the metal fishing net, its control over its strength was incredibly precise.

Next, Ning Zhuo saw the mechanical ape continuously rush forward, outspeeding the backward-flowing tiles by a huge margin.

During this period of time, numerous giant logs swung over, but the mechanical ape only had to wave its arms to take care of them. Sometimes its arms were like hammers, smashing the logs to pieces, while at other times they were like spears that pierced right through.

Sometimes it would jump flexibly, moving its heavy body as if it was weightless. Sometimes it stood firm, as stable as a high pillar.

It crushed the various traps step by step, like a bulldozer dancing gracefully.

When it reached the second door, a thoughtful look appeared on its face. After a few moments, it chose the spirit stone reward.

Seeing this, Ning Zhuo’s thoughts turned slightly. “Its body is so big that it definitely consumes a lot of spirit power. That’s why it has no choice but to pick the spirit stones.”

After finishing the video, Ning Zhuo took the monitoring mechanical component and reinstalled it into its inconspicuous corner.

He immediately went over to Room 3.

The scene here shocked him once again.

Thirty to forty kung fu puppets were lying on the ground. Most of them were heavily damaged, and some were even completely destroyed.

Over the past couple of months, Ning Zhuo had come in and out of the Lava Immortal Palace many times.

But only today did he find out that the kung fu puppets could be destroyed!

Ning Zhuo immediately took out the monitoring mechanical component. After looking through it, he was speechless.

The moment it arrived in Room 3, the mechanical ape was besieged by dozens of kung fu puppets.

Although it was huge and was incredibly skilled in martial arts, it only had two hands and two legs. According to common sense, it was doomed to suffer defeat.

But after checking the footage, Ning Zhuo fully understood the meaning of the phrase “any part of a martial master’s body can become a weapon”!

The mechanical ape rolled, jumped, and crawled around in Room 3. Its fists, elbows, head, chest, back, and even its tail and buttocks were all used as weapons.

Its arms stretched out and swept in a circle.

Its sharp elbows pierced into the puppets’ chests.

A flick of its head sent a puppet flying upward; when the puppet fell, the mechanical ape swung its tail like a whip and sent the puppet bowling over into three or four others.

The mechanical ape seemed to turn into a whirlwind, spinning across the room several times.

Kung fu puppets constantly fell down or were knocked away.

Finally, the mechanical ape stood tall at the center of the arena, and all the kung fu puppets had fallen to the ground. Even the yellow light in their eyes had dimmed.

Ning Zhuo suddenly came to a realization. “I get it now. This is the correct way to pass Room 3!

“If you fight with martial arts, you can destroy the kung fu puppets. But if you cheat using spells, they become indestructible.

“This mechanical ape’s martial arts skills really are amazing!”

Ning Zhuo sighed deeply.

Every time he passed Room 3, he had cheated with spells.

Thanks to the weekly ranking rewards, he had not only learned all the available spells but also obtained a great deal of cultivation experience. Thus, he could be considered an expert already.

“If I were to fight these kung fu puppets, I would have to keep a distance and attack with ranged spells to have a chance at victory.

“In close combat, I wouldn’t have any chance at all!”

It wasn’t an uncommon occurrence for a cultivator in the first three levels of Qi Refining to be killed by a mortal martial master.

After watching the mechanical ape choose the spirit stone reward again and leave Room 3, Ning Zhuo quickly reinstalled the monitoring mechanical component and rushed out.

There was no one in the maintenance room aside from himself.

Ning Zhuo was relieved, but he also became a little nervous.

On the one hand, he didn’t need to worry about fighting in the narrow confines of the maintenance room. On the other, this meant that the mechanical ape had already passed through this room and gone deeper into the palace.

Picking up the monitoring mechanical component, Ning Zhuo saw the mechanical ape circling the room several times. It carefully observed the various mechanism pedestals and even picked up some of the tools, although it put them back down almost immediately.

In the end, the mechanical ape stopped in front of the five-sided stone pillar and looked at the ranking lists for a long time.

Ning Zhuo secretly breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that the mechanical ape didn’t infuse spirit power into the stone pillar and thus didn’t obtain a trial disciple imprint.

Soon after, Ning Zhuo also walked over to the five-sided stone pillar.

When he saw the ranking lists, he was shocked to the core!

He only ranked first in four of the rankings, and had been pushed down to second place in the fifth.

“I’m tied for first place in the Qi Refining ranking, but fell to second on the Essence Refining ranking. But I’m already at the peak of the third level of Essence Refining!

“What’s going on!?”

The mechanical ape had obviously obtained a lucky opportunity, allowing it to start cultivating the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique in advance!

"Yuan Dasheng?" Ning Zhuo stared at the mechanical ape’s listed name and fell into thought.

“This mechanical ape is obviously a monster cultivator. From its martial arts skills and its actions in the maintenance room, it obviously has a high degree of intelligence.

“It even has a name, and… I seem to have seen this name somewhere…”

Ning Zhuo had many questions in his mind.

How had this monster cultivator called Yuan Dasheng obtained the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique in advance?

Did it live in Fire Persimmon Immortal City?

At first, Ning Zhuo thought that it might be a Molten Flame Demonic Ape from the volcano. But his subsequent observations made him discard this guess.

“Where have I heard this name before?”

Notes:

[^1]: Yuan Dasheng – 袁大胜 – Yuan is a surname. Incidentally, it sounds the same as the Chinese word for ape, 猿. Dasheng means “great victory”.

