Chapter 532: Victory and Rest

At this moment, the Fire Crown Divine Fir was extremely aggrieved.

It had originally had victory in it’s grasp, but was successfully beaten in a chicken theft by Sun Lingtong, and it’s promising situation was directly ruined.

The reason this could happen in the first place was it’s public incense.

If the Fire Crown Divine Fir had been open and above board -erecting temples and absorbing incense offerings,  before the devotees offered incense -they would have recited its divine name. This way, the incense offerings would have belonged to the Fire Crown Divine Fir alone.

But all along, It had hidden It’s true form, and even the forest keeper Luo Chen, who guarded the Ten Li Burning Forest, was unaware of It’s existence.

It was not until the victory of the Three Generals’ Camp was in sight and Luo Chen’s intention to retreat became very obvious that the Fire Crown Divine Fir had to reveal itself.

The situation was very clear to it: once the Two Note Nation took control of this place, they would certainly carry out strict inspections, and It would no longer be able to hide.

"My incense!"

"Luo Chen, you must seize my incense back, or else we will all lose!"

Luo Chen: “Pfft!”

He spat out fresh blood and immediately became listless, his momentum and fighting spirit plunging to rock bottom.

His face turned extremely pale, wearing the expression of a corpse: “Where is the incense? Who stole it?”

The Fire Crown Divine Fir: “I don’t know!”

Luo Chen: “Pfft!!”

He spat out another mouthful of fresh blood.

With the Fire Crown retracted, the three generals -Liu, Guan, and Zhang -also staggered, and for a moment were unable to launch a killing attack, having to urgently adjust.

At this moment, however, the ordinary soldiers recovered somewhat faster.

Ning Zhuo, in accordance with the actual situation, mobilized military strength and empowered his own spiritual arts.

In an instant, Metal Path spells were cast, and knives, spears, swords, and so on, launched an assault like a torrential storm.

Gao Cuo, eager to act, said: “Old Sword, shall we make our move?”

Old Sword: “Wait a little longer! You and the Fire Crown Divine Fir and Luo Chen are all allies, with divine mandate in your possession; if you rashly strike against your own, you won’t be able to remain in the current Thousand Peaks Forest.”

“Temporarily endure, that is the proper strategy!”

Gao Cuo nodded: “Understood. Let the Three Generals’ Camp kill the Fire Crown Divine Fir, and then we can make our move to seize the wood fire.”

His main purpose in coming here had always been this rare fire seed.

However, while they were communicating, Ning Zhuo was also communicating with Lin Bufan.

“Sect Leader Lin, next it is up to you to act and seize the wood fire!” Ning Zhuo transmitted his divine sense and communicated with Lin Bufan through the token.

Ever since the Ning family, the Myriad Medicine Sect, and the Zhu family of the Southern Bean Kingdom had secretly forged an alliance through the Linyang Mirror Wall, these principal members all possessed each other’s tokens, enabling communication within a short distance.

Lin Bufan, upon realizing that he had been seen through by Ning Zhuo, was not surprised.

This was because earlier, when he had sought out Ning Zhuo, he had employed the One-Leaf Obscuring Technique, which had been seen through by Sun Lingtong using the Ten Thousand Li Traversing Dragon.

“Alright, I’ll cooperate with you,” Lin Bufan said quite decisively.

In the next moment, Ning Zhuo intensified his fierce attack, aiming to create an opportunity.

All three generals possessed Golden Core cultivation and recovered faster than Luo Chen.

Zhang Hei was the first to act, directly hurling out the Black Snake Spear.

Spear technique -Snake Fang Throw!

The Black Snake Spear, with tremendous force, broke through the air and reached Luo Chen in the blink of an eye.

Luo Chen wanted to dodge, but then Guan Hong immediately acted.

Talent -Purple-beard Astonishing Hong!

Although it was not of divine ability level, Guan Hong had expended great effort in developing this talent, and its power was sufficient to counterbalance Luo Chen’s drastically declining state.

Although it only immobilized him for an instant, it was enough.

The Black Snake Spear directly pierced through Luo Chen’s chest, creating a huge hole, about the size of a basin.

Luo Chen’s heart, lungs, as well as his spine, ribs, and so on, were all destroyed!

With his physical body dead, Luo Chen let out a lament and quickly retreated with his Nascent Soul.

Liu Er immediately followed, brandishing the Xuanhuang Sword, and charged toward the Nascent Soul.

Traversing the void!

Luo Chen’s Nascent Soul did not hesitate in the slightest; it immediately retreated into the void, directly leaving the battlefield.

“No, no, no!”

“Luo Chen, you cannot escape!!”

The Fire Crown Divine Fir roared in despair.

Without Luo Chen and without the public incense, even though It was a deity, It was equivalent to a bow without arrows, a cannon without ammunition, a martial artist without strength.

It could only be at the mercy of others!

The Three Generals’ Camp encircled the Fire Crown Divine Fir, bringing upon it the darkest despair.

With all sorts of attacks falling upon the Fir, relying solely on It's innate cultivation, It could still hold on for a little while.

Ning Zhuo had already finished communicating with the three generals -Liu, Guan, and Zhang.

The assault suddenly grew wildly violent, causing the Fire Crown Divine Fir to teeter on the brink of collapse.

In the next moment, Lin Bufan, who had long been preparing, suddenly acted, cleaving the trunk of the Fire Crown Divine Fir and taking away the wood fire.

The three generals all roared in astonishment and anger; Guan and Zhang even intended to pursue and kill Lin Bufan, but were simultaneously halted by Liu Er and Ning Zhuo.

“It’s just a trivial fire seed; if we lose it, so be it.”

“Hold this place secure.”

“If we can capture the Ten Li Burning Forest, that will be a great achievement. Do not let extraneous matters arise!”

“That’s right, lest it be a ruse!”

Gao Cuo and Old Sword: ??!!

“No, are you four all useless? With the spoils right in front of us, the fire seed has been snatched away by someone!”

“Since it’s been snatched away, why not go after it?”

Gao Cuo and Old Sword both felt that there was still some time before they needed to act. They were patiently waiting, but then the three generals launched a fierce simultaneous attack, briefly catching their breath, which allowed Lin Bufan to “seize” a good opportunity and, in front of everyone, snatch away the wood fire.

“Let’s hurry and pursue! If we delay any longer, this fellow will run far away!”

Old Sword’s inner cry in Gao Cuo’s heart clearly agitated him.

The two stealthily snuck out, relentlessly chasing Lin Bufan who was darting in the high sky.

Gao Cuo specialized in the Book of Shapeless Shifting Shadows, being extremely skilled in disguising and concealing himself. Lin Bufan, though trailed all the way, did not notice him in the slightest.

“This wood fire, worthy of being one of the Samadhi, indeed possesses profound mystery.”

Having been the sect leader for many years, it was also the first time that Lin Bufan had encountered such an excellent fire seed.

“Samadhi True Fire correspondingly illuminates the three talents of Heaven, Earth, and Man; the wood fire is the fire of kindling, that is, human fire.”

“In the Ten Li Burning Forest, using human fire as the fire seed, ostensibly various magical implements were refined, but in reality, it was by gathering multitudinous incense offerings that the Fire Crown Divine Fir was refined.”

“This must have been the layout of the Ginseng Whiskered Dragon King; indeed, it was profound. Alas, being unable to contend head-on with the vast army of Two Note Country, such a strategy was abandoned halfway.”

Lin Bufan, possessing his own vision and perspective, even in merely observing the battle today, could catch a glimpse of some of the Ginseng Whiskered Dragon King’s plans.

“Once the wood fire is refined by the Fire Crown Divine Fir, that divine fir would undoubtedly be detained first and would not lose its life. Therefore, this fire seed has always belonged to someone. Even though I have snatched it away, I must refine it further before handing it over to Ning Zhuo.”

Lin Bufan pondered in secret.

According to the agreement he had just reached on the battlefield with Ning Zhuo through a conspiracy of divine sense,

Lin Bufan helped Ning Zhuo seize the wood fire, and in return, Ning Zhuo would reward Lin Bufan in other aspects of their cooperation afterward.

According to the alliance between the Myriad Medicine Sect and the Ning family, although it was not mentioned in the battlefield conspiracy, Lin Bufan proactively helped Ning Zhuo refine the fire seed.

One order after another was quickly issued by Liu Er.

Luo Chen was defeated and fled, with only his Nascent Soul surviving.

The great craftsman Yan Jin was captured, another subordinate -the Flowing Flame Fairy died in battle, and the Great Forest Protection Formation all fell into the hands of the Three Generals’ Camp.

The Fire Crown Divine Fir was heavily sealed and strictly guarded.

Thus, the battle came to an end, with the Three Generals’ Camp emerging as the victors, having paid the price of over three hundred casualties among their soldiers, and they fully took over the Ten Li Burning Forest.

The victorious dispatch was also sent out at the first opportunity.

The work had begun!

Ning Zhuo slipped into his own camp tent, then entered the Ten Thousand Li Traversing Dragon, activating the three main mechanical platform pedestals to quickly replenish the mechanical puppets.

In this battle, his mechanical army also suffered heavy losses. Had he not replenished them midway, his entire army would have been wiped out.

One mechanical puppet after another was swiftly manufactured.

By now, Ning Zhuo had become increasingly adept at this, and as a result, both the production and efficiency had seen slight improvements.

The degree of improvement was not very great.

The true source of a significant increase in efficiency would have to be the mechanical platform pedestals.

"That storage bag should contain other mechanical platform pedestals. Unfortunately, they cannot be opened at the moment," Ning Zhuo thought of Ingenious Princess Shuangling’s military supplies.

With troops in hand, his heart was calm.

As the mechanical puppets were replenished in increasing numbers, Ning Zhuo became more and more composed.

During the break, he reviewed this expedition.

"Nascent Souls can retreat into the void; Nascent Soul cultivators are very difficult to be completely killed. Mu Lan’s case was ultimately an exception."

"In the end, my limits have still not been tested. Enough."

"The Ten Li Burning Forest, the Cloud Shoulder Dragon Worship Terrace, the Gnarled Root Hundred Herbs Cave, the Thousand Vines Talisman Heavenly Corridor, and so on, were resource strongholds built around the Dragon King Giant Wood Mountain."

"According to the intelligence, these strongholds were jointly constructed and funded by the Dragon King Temple and the other major forces of the Thousand Peaks Forest. Each one came at a high cost!"

"I did not expect that the Ginseng Whiskered Dragon King had secretly played this trick, covertly supporting the Fire Crown Divine Fir to become a deity. He not only used the Ten Li Burning Forest to forge a deity, but also utilized the deity to covertly erode this stronghold in return. What a clever plan!"

"However, it is precisely because of this that there exists public incense, that this fatal flaw emerged!"

For more than a decade, Ning Zhuo had been pondering the situation and forces in the Fire Persimmon Immortal City, and his insights on this matter were very profound.

Just like Lin Bufan, he too had gleaned a glimpse of the Ginseng Whiskered Dragon King’s scheme.

Thinking of this, he patted his chest.

"I designed the Five-Vital-Organs Temple Divine Spirit Technique, and I did not expect that it could be used here."

Now, his Fire Path Heart Temple was filled with an enormous amount of incense.

During the battle, Ning Zhuo had secretly entrusted his own heart to Sun Lingtong, asking him to go out and steal incense.

Such incense offerings could only be collected by a deity.

Moreover, the Fire Crown Divine Fir belonged to the Fire Path and matched Ning Zhuo’s Fire Path Heart Temple perfectly.

If it were someone else, without the marvelous divine technique of Ning Zhuo by their side, even if they had discovered this major flaw of the Fire Crown Divine Fir, they would not have been able to take advantage of it.

"Old Dice, you should also be able to make use of this incense, right?" Ning Zhuo flicked his wrist, shaking off his bracelet, and summoned the Dice Bone Demon God.

The Dice Bone Demon God immediately half-kneeled on the ground: "This old slave pays respect to his master."

"Master, your divine sight is infallible; these incense offerings, since they are public and ownerless, are perfectly suited for me to use in restoring myself."

"However……"

Ning Zhuo: "However, what?"

The Dice Bone Demon God continued: "However, my method and that of refining artifacts differ quite significantly. Although these public incense offerings can be absorbed by me and transformed into divine power, their rate of loss is much higher than that of the Fire Crown Divine Fir."

Ning Zhuo waved his hand and said magnanimously: "No matter."

The Dice Bone Demon God was immediately moved to tears of gratitude, praising Ning Zhuo’s generosity and benevolence.

Ning Zhuo just observed from the side.

It was the first time he had ever seen a deity personally making use of incense offerings.

Although he was well-read, his books did not cover this secret matter.

Ning Zhuo first released the Fire Path Heart Temple, letting it fall into the ship’s cabin, shrinking it to the size of a niche.

The Dice Bone Demon God’s sitting posture was quite peculiar; He was not sitting cross-legged, but rather half-squatting, leaning his body forward, with both palms pressed against the floor of the ship’s cabin.

The small temple opened its doors, revealing the incense offerings within.

The incense offerings gathered into a whole; overall, it was a flame with an unusual appearance.

At the very outer edge of the flame, there was continuously drifting gray smoke. The flame itself was divided into two layers: the outermost layer was bright red, and the middle layer was a golden amber.

The Dice Bone Demon God took a deep breath, drawing the incense into his mouth and nostrils.

He quickly refined it, transforming it into new divine power.

Each surge of divine power was rapidly digested, forming into divine techniques that healed himself.

Ning Zhuo observed some clues: “Although deities are powerful, they need to consume incense offerings and refine them into their own divine power. With divine power, everything is the foundation for performing many divine techniques.”

“Dice Bone Demon God is severely injured and requires a large amount of divine power for healing.”

“His Daoist realm has been seized, and although his devotees are still alive, they have been following me, so the incense offerings they accumulated have not had the chance to be utilized.”

“This is why deities often need to have devotees, need to have doctrines, and reside in a secluded place.”

“Could it be that deities themselves have no means to increase their own divine power?” Ning Zhuo, thinking of this, directly inquired of the Dice Bone Demon God.

The Dice Bone Demon God answered: “Indeed, there are methods, but compared to absorbing and transforming incense offerings, their efficiency is far too poor.”

For deities, converting incense offerings into divine power was the true path.

Many deities still retained a physical body, such as some demon cultivators. They tried to convert demonic power and spiritual power into divine power, but in terms of efficiency and results, it far lagged behind that of incense offerings.

The Dice Bone Demon God then explained incense offerings to Ning Zhuo: “Master, public incense offerings have only two layers, but most incense offerings -those that are personal -have three layers.

“The outermost red dust shell precipitates the boundless desires of the devotees.

“The middle is the layer of wish power, the power of prayers and supplications.

“At the very core is the divine nature nucleus, which is often inscribed with the divine name of a certain deity in the form of divine script.

“Once the incense offering has a divine name, it becomes something that belongs to a master. Other deities would find it very difficult to use it, unless the original master lends it out.”

Finally, the Dice Bone Demon God looked deeply at the Fire Path Heart Temple: “Master, according to this marvelous technique of yours, perhaps you too can absorb incense offerings and convert them into divine power.”

“Oh?” Ning Zhuo immediately became interested.

But the Dice Bone Demon God added: “However, if you choose to follow the path of deities, there are many drawbacks.

“Master, your future is already bright; I, your old slave, do not advise you to follow this path.”

Ning Zhuo nodded; he had also realized this.

Not to mention the rest, if he were to cultivate divine power, it would be a case of dual cultivation. The disadvantages of dual cultivation were numerous, and since he was currently cultivating all three dantian simultaneously, it had already greatly hampered his progress; pursuing divine power in addition would be entirely counterproductive.

The Dice Bone Demon God eventually absorbed most of the incense offerings, restoring himself to his original state.

Ning Zhuo continued to cultivate his physical body while waiting for Lin Bufan to return to him.

He was quite looking forward to the wood fire.

In the end, after waiting for three days, he did not get Lin Bufan, but instead received an envoy from the military supervisor Zhao Xi, along with a reply.