Chapter 538: Heaven and Earth Combined Attack

Zhu Xuanji’s eyes contained divine light.

The entire battlefield was in his view, and at present, everything was within the scope of his arrangements.

"The Heavenly and Earthly Twin Ghosts were already famous strong figures, but from another perspective, their widespread reputation was also their weakness."

"The greater the fame, the more likely information was to leak."

"Just one contact battle that made Two Note Country feel pain and humiliation, and given the enormous scale of Two Note Country, they would definitely be able to find a method against the Heavenly and Earthly Twin Ghosts."

For example, Zhenren of the Blazing Sun was urgently dispatched by the royal family of Two Note Country. And the old man’s bronze sundial was even regarded as a national treasure and kept in the national treasury. At this moment, its use immediately crushed the Xuan Yin Frozen Realm.

This was the profound foundation of a cultivation nation, not a trivial matter and quite unfathomable!

Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth were each simultaneously targeted by four or five Nascent Soul cultivators and suffered a brutal suppression.

In an instant, Ning Zhuo and the Three General Camp turned from peril to safety, becoming bystanders.

The three generals and Ning Zhuo, as well as Sun Lingtong from within the mechanical dragon, were all panting heavily, their hearts unsettled.

The battle just now was really very thrilling!

It was not long after the battle began that Liu Guan Zhang Ning lost the initiative; for a while, they could only maintain the situation, passively countering move by move, with no way to seize even a trace of the initiative.

If this situation continued any further, Ning Zhuo would only be able to let the soldiers of the Three General Camp suffer slaughter, while he and Sun Lingtong escaped on their own with the help of the mechanical dragon.

Of course, they would also bring along Liu, Guan, and Zhang.

But such a result was obviously not what Ning Zhuo wanted.

He had invested a lot in the Three General Camp over a long time.

Although he had regained some losses earlier, if at this moment he gave up the Three General Camp, overall he would still lose a lot.

Not just in the calculation of benefits, but emotionally, Ning Zhuo was also unwilling to let go.

On one hand, he and the three generals had developed a tacit understanding, with an increasingly deep combat camaraderie. Ning Zhuo admired Liu Er’s ambition, and from deep within, he was more willing to see Liu Er continuously approach that ambition.

Tian Shuang flew swiftly in the high sky, his figure like a long rainbow, crazily twisting, dodging the encirclement of the Nascent Soul cultivators.

His throat knot rolled, and he spat out a pale bone sphere.

The bone sphere underwent a deformation in the high sky, transforming into a Ghost Gate.

The next moment, the Ghost Gate swung wide open, from which a large number of ice-crystal ghost souls and snow-bone Luosha emerged.

The ghosts were vast, rolling across the battlefield.

Several Nascent Soul cultivators coldly snorted in unison, each employing their own techniques, and immediately killed countless ghosts.

"Tian Shuang, today is your death anniversary for next year!" A cultivator in a blue robe with large sleeves let out a light whistle and shot out a flying sword.

Northern Dipper Exorcism Sword!

The flying sword attracted the light of the North Star, transformed into a thread, pierced Tian Shuang’s brow, and delivered a fatal blow.

"Good! What a fine Northern Dipper Sword Master, what a fine Northern Dipper Exorcism Sword!" Upon seeing this scene, the remaining Nascent Soul cultivators praised in unison.

But in the next moment, Tian Shuang moved again.

"Not dead yet?" Everyone was stunned.

The Northern Dipper Sword Master furrowed his brows tightly, looking at Tian Shuang in disbelief: "This is impossible!"

He was convinced that he had just pierced the vital spot at the Northern Dipper Sword Master’s brow.

Crack, crack.

Starting from the brow of ghost-cultivator Tian Shuang, a large number of cracks rapidly spread across his face. The cracks densely covered, and in a very short time, spread over his entire body.

Piece by piece, thin ice peeled off from Tian Shuang’s body, revealing the life aura of others.

"Wait, aren’t you Heavenly Ghost?!"

Everyone was astonished. They all sensed that the aura emanating from "Tian Shuang" was not the same as his, but rather -the aura of Earth Ghost.

Crack, crack……

The crisp sounds rang on continuously, with more and more thin ice peeling off, revealing the inner appearance.

Indeed, behind "Tian Shuang’s" mask was the face of Earth Ghost, reduced to half size!

"Is this… Ghost Mask Technique?!"

Zhenren of the Blazing Sun’s pupils contracted tightly, and he discerned the truth.

Thus, many people looked toward the underground battlefield.

There, the besieged "Di Hui" let out a cold laugh: "Earth Ghost, you useless fellow, you actually ruined my ghost mask first."

"Look at my use of your ghost mask -it’s even stronger than your own techniques!"

"Tian Shuang" snorted coldly: "You first undo your encirclement before you come to taunt me."

Di Hui laughed heartily: "What is so difficult? Open your eyes wide and watch carefully!"

He then immediately made a move, this time not using earth-based techniques, nor methods of the ghost path, but rather ice-based!

Those who were besieging him, originally a group of cultivators targeting the "Earth Ghost", at that moment the "Earth Ghost" suddenly became a "Heavenly Ghost", and the favorable situation they had created immediately collapsed.

On the other side, the battle situation of the "Heavenly Ghost" was likewise, counterattacking Zhenren of the Blazing Sun, Shan Yue Zi, and others, catching them off guard.

Liu, Guan, Zhang, and Ning watched with unwavering eyes, fully concentrated.

"It turns out that the Earth Ghost is the Heavenly Ghost, and the Heavenly Ghost is the Earth Ghost!"

"Ghost Mask Technique… It is said that this method of ghost cultivation can borrow the power of a great ghost, forming a ghost mask. Once worn, one can impersonate the borrowed great ghost for a period of time."

"The Heavenly and Earthly Twin Ghosts cultivated the Ghost Mask Technique, borrowing each other’s power. They indulged in this technique so much that such ghost masks nearly covered their entire bodies, infinitely close to a divine power! Truly formidable!!"

Liu, Guan, Zhang, and Ning were all magnanimous individuals; even if they were mortal enemies, it did not prevent them from viewing things objectively and openly praising.

The situation of Two Note Country rapidly turned for the worse!

They were indeed caught off guard by this change.

Many of the methods were too targeted, but the Heavenly and Earthly Twin Ghosts suddenly changed their identity, causing many of their schemes to fall through.

Not only that, they were also turned around and targeted.

In the previous battle, Ning Zhuo had already experienced that the nature of the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth was completely different, resulting in a completely different combat style.

At this moment, the Heavenly and Earth Twin Ghosts, having exposed their true identities, revealed their real nature, causing their combat style to undergo a sudden change.

The cultivators of Two Note Country all needed to adapt.

The Heavenly Ghost on the ground, freezing the mountains and forests, with the strength of one, suppressed four Nascent Soul-level fighters, firmly holding the advantage.

The Earth Ghost in the sky was at a stalemate with his enemy.

The Earth Ghost immediately received the ridicule of the Heavenly Ghost.

"Get out of here, all of you!" The Earth Ghost, infuriated in humiliation, took his greatest "assailant" -Buddha Thought -and in one fell swoop stuffed it into the Heavenly Ghost Mask.

Then, he extended his palm, grabbed his own cheek, and pulled outward forcefully.

He successfully stripped away the Heavenly Ghost Mask.

The Heavenly Ghost Mask was shattered beyond repair, but after separating from the body, it immediately took on a form of its own, as if it were a branch of the Heavenly Ghost.

But this sub-form was not ferocious at all; instead, it had a face full of repentance and compassion.

"My Buddha is above, I am a sinner."

"I am deeply sinful!"

The Earth Ghost completely revealed himself to everyone; he swayed his head, moved his arms and legs, took a deep breath, and exclaimed, "Now this is refreshing."

"You all just fought quite heartily."

"I hope that from now on, you can continue to be this cheerful!"

The Earth Ghost grinned evilly.

With no further interference, he unleashed his full strength and immediately launched a terrifying offensive.

The several Nascent Soul cultivators in the sky were immediately driven to a disadvantage, growing increasingly disheveled, and their situation became more difficult.

The aftershocks of the battle also affected the Three General Camp on the ground.

At this time, Ning Zhuo had already fallen into the camp, but had not yet withdrawn his mechanical army.

The aftershocks caused by the Nascent Soul-level life-and-death struggle were also not to be underestimated.

Just as they were about to fend off the aftershocks, they were intercepted in advance by the Heavenly Ghost Mask.

"You need not suspect anything." The Heavenly Ghost Mask had a proper expression on its face, wearing a smile, looking at the Three General Camp with boundless tolerance.

"This is what I owe you."

"And to protect the weak, to save all beings, is in itself the meaning of Buddha."

These words immediately left everyone in the Three General Camp utterly speechless.

"So that's it!" Ning Zhuo’s eyes flashed with brilliance, and he immediately explained to the three generals.

"I used a method to infuse a large amount of Buddha Thought into the upper dantian of the Divine Sea of Heavenly Ghost -no, Earth Ghost."

"When the Earth Ghost stripped away the Heavenly Ghost Mask, he inadvertently infused all of the Buddha Thought into the mask."

"We suffered persecution from the Earth Ghost, so the Heavenly Ghost Mask held a heart of repentance and possessed compassionate Buddha Thought, and thus came to help us!"

The three generals, after Ning Zhuo’s explanation, immediately understood the reason behind it.

On one hand, they marveled at Ning Zhuo’s method, that he could directly reach the Earth Ghost’s Divine Sea; on the other hand, they were delighted to have obtained strong reinforcements. Of course, on a third aspect, there was also caution and vigilance.

"With the current battle situation taking another twist, we should withdraw a bit further first." Liu Er issued the order.

The Three General Camp did not dare to change formation rashly, and with the Iron Bucket Formation as their formation, slowly moved towards the edge of the battlefield.

However, a battle at the Nascent Soul level had a remarkably vast scope.

The Three General Camp needed to move a long distance in order to be truly safe.

During this retreat, the Heavenly Ghost Mask indeed went all out, sparing no damage or injury to itself, in order to assist the Three General Camp by blocking numerous assaults.

The Heaven and Earth Twin Ghosts, along with many Nascent Soul cultivators from Two Note Country, naturally all saw this scene and had no energy to intervene.

"No, Ning Zhuo cannot leave!"

"If we, the Twin Ghosts, are dispatched this time and cannot even capture a single, insignificant Foundation Establishment cultivator, what face do we have to return to our sect?!"

Seeing Ning Zhuo about to leave, the Heaven and Earth Ghosts both became agitated.

They successively shouted, "Courting death!"

"Since you all wish to show off your strength, then all of you, die for us."

The Heavenly and Earthly Twin Ghosts raised their arms and shouted in unison, "Heaven rises, Earth falls, Heaven and Earth Combined Attack!"

Before the words had finished, the Earth Ghost swooped down from the high sky, while the Heavenly Ghost soared upward from the ground; the two, facing each other, swiftly flew towards one another.

The Earth Ghost, with a heavy figure, plunged down from the high sky like a meteor, stirring up surging ash.

The ash increased, forming a huge rolling black cloud behind him, with a reddish glow intermittently appearing in the ash, making the Earth Ghost seem as if a deity had descended, with a terrifying aura.

The Heavenly Ghost, clad in white, resembled a long spear, charging skyward and piercing the firmament.

Along the way, it drew a long trail of cold air, an ice-blue cold air, as if a huge cloak were draped behind the Heavenly Ghost; wherever it went, it stirred countless frost flowers into the air, with the cold air running rampant, freezing the heavens and earth.

The sky seemed to be swirling downwards like spilled ink, while the ground exhibited an ominous indigo luminescence.

Boom, boom!

The two passed by each other in mid-air, erupting in a thunderous roar.

The twin divine abilities combined, forming -Heaven and Earth Combined Attack!