Chapter 54: Demonic Pollution

In the end, the puppet Ning Zhuo never had to fight the mechanical ape Yuan Dasheng.

When he arrived in Room 7, he saw components belonging to the mechanical ape lying on the ground and being transported away by a ring of light.

This was the Lava Immortal Palace’s cleaning method. The ring of light not only teleported the rewards but also got rid of debris.

Ning Zhuo had discovered this phenomenon quite early and wasn’t surprised.

Checking the surveillance component, he found that the mechanical ape had lost due to exhausting its spirit power.

“Because of its overly large body, even the passive spirit power consumption is very high.

“It only ever chose the spirit stone rewards, but that wasn’t enough for it to last.

“Of course, this is also related to all the traps I installed in Rooms 1 to 9.”

Ning Zhuo was in a low mood.

Yuan Dasheng was too strong, heavily damaging his arrangements. The destruction of these arrangements could easily lead to Ning Zhuo’s death!

“This is Yuan Dasheng’s first time in the palace, and it made it all the way to Room 7.

“It will only get more and more familiar with this place.

“Although it has a weakness in the consumption of spirit power, it will receive the ranking rewards once the week ends. At that time, it won’t have to worry about spirit stones, and will most likely pass me in a single go.”

This realization put a lot of pressure on Ning Zhuo.

With a heavy heart, he passed Room 9 and returned to the transit hall.

Mechanical clicks sounded out, and the stone wall sank into the ground. The three doors of Buddha, Dao, and Demon were revealed once again.

Last time, Ning Zhuo had entered the Dao door and discovered that the subsequent level was extremely difficult. Although it wasn’t to the point of impossibility, he didn’t know how much time and effort it would take before he finally passed.

After thinking about it, Ning Zhuo had decided to first practice the new techniques for his other two dantians. According to his understanding of the Lava Immortal Palace and Three Schools Supreme Sage, these two techniques would surely have their uses!

As the saying went, sharpening the axe doesn’t delay the chopping of wood.

This time, Ning Zhuo walked in front of the Demon door.

He stretched out both hands, pressed his palms against the door, and silently activated the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique.

After activating the demonic technique, he quickly absorbed blood from the door.

Bright red blood flowed along his arms, covering his puppet body and slowly seeping into it, eventually turning into a blood essence within him.

This was the crystallized essence of blood power!

After obtaining the blood essence, Ning Zhuo could no longer absorb more blood. At the same time, he found that the Demon door could finally be pushed open.

Passing through the Demon door, Ning Zhuo arrived in a room full of mechanical traps, as well as numerous kung fu puppets wandering around.

Ning Zhuo observed his surroundings for a moment and came to a preliminary conclusion. “This level’s difficulty shouldn’t be much different from the Daoist one. These kung fu puppets are full of blood energy, and even seem to have blood essence?

“In other words, they can also use the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique?”

Ning Zhuo decided to start his attempt.

Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique!

As he activated the technique, the blood energy in his body turned into twisting sinews distributed throughout his body, with particularly many forming around his joints.

Augmented by the blood sinews, Ning Zhuo’s speed when it came to running, jumping, dodging, or anything else all increased significantly.

And it wasn’t just his speed; his power and defense rose as well.

Although he triggered a number of traps in passing, they didn’t pose much of a threat.

The real trouble was the roaming kung fu puppets.

Ning Zhuo’s previous guess was quickly verified. These kung fu puppets really could use the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique!

Because of this, the threat level of each kung fu puppet multiplied, making them even more difficult to deal with.

When he reached the middle of the room, Ning Zhuo found himself besieged by three kung fu puppets.

The kung fu puppets shot streams of blood energy at Ning Zhuo’s puppet body. Soon, Ning Zhuo found himself covered in blood sinews.

Once these blood sinews appeared, they greatly hindered his every movement.

Ning Zhuo could only rely on his spells and the flying mechanical arm component to fight back.

After resisting for a while, he couldn’t hold on any longer. Blood energy covered his whole body, and he was sealed in countless blood sinews.

The three kung fu puppets struck simultaneously, and Ning Zhuo’s puppet body finally shattered, broken parts scattering across the ground.

“So the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique can actually be used this way!” Although Ning Zhuo failed, he still gained something.

Back in the underground workshop, he quickly verified his findings.

The sinews condensed by blood energy could not only augment the cultivator themselves, but also infect and pollute other people.

He could use his own blood energy to pollute someone else’s blood energy, creating numerous blood sinews inside and outside their bodies and ultimately sealing their movements.

“No, it’s not just sealing. To be more precise, it’s controlling!”

Shocked filled Ning Zhuo’s heart. At this moment, he realized the core concept behind the three techniques.

"Three Schools Supreme Sage created these three techniques for the purpose of controlling mechanical constructs.

“The Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation gives rise to five elements magical power, which has a wide range of applications. It can produce five elements wires which can be used to control most kinds of mechanical constructs.

“The Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique can create blood sinews, improving various aspects of a mechanical construct’s power and strengthening control.

“The Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation allows communication with spiritual objects via divine intent. This obviously pairs well with certain mechanical components!”

Ning Zhuo continued testing things out.

He found that blood energy that came from the same source was easier to pollute and even convert for his own use. As for blood energy from different sources, he could only suppress and restrict it.

These gains were all well and good, but Ning Zhuo’s mood was getting heavier and heavier.

He couldn’t stop thinking about Yuan Dasheng.

“How did that ape learn the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique in advance?

“Its Qi Refining level should be the peak of the third level, same as me. But for Essence Refining, it’s at the top of the ranking, knocking me down to second. In other words, it must be above the third level.

“What is its real cultivation?”

The mechanical ape reached Room 7 on its first attempt. This result was truly too terrifying!

And what was even more terrifying was the fact that this was achieved solely with spirit power.

If it made it to the Demon door and obtained the power of blood energy, it would finally be able to use its true power!

Ning Zhuo had already felt the benefits of the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique. This demonic technique was a huge boost in strength.

The addition of blood energy to the mechanical ape would be like giving wings to a tiger, allowing it to soar high into the sky!

“Once that happens, it will definitely surpass me and snatch first place.

“No matter what, I can’t let it touch the Demon door!”

Ning Zhuo opened a drawer and began searching the jade slips for information.

“Found it!”

He soon found what he was looking for.

“It is indeed a Molten Flame Demonic Ape, but it’s also a cultivator’s spirit pet.

“That cultivator, Yuan Yi[^1], founded the Monkey Head Gang…

“And the Molten Flame Demonic Ape Yuan Dasheng is the gang’s guardian spirit beast!

“I knew that I saw the name Yuan Dasheng somewhere. So it wasn’t the name of a person, but a spirit beast.”

Ning Zhuo had already collected information on the Monkey Head Gang when building his explosive fire monkey, which was why he had an impression of the name “Yuan Dasheng”.

“The only consolation right now is that I know its name while it doesn’t know mine.

“The enemy is in the open, while I am in the dark. Letting its name be listed on the rankings was a huge mistake.

“I have to get rid of it as soon as possible!”

Ning Zhuo's eyes flashed with fierce killing intent.

Notes:

[^1]: Yuan Yi – 袁一 – Yuan is a surname (same as Yuan Dasheng’s). Yi means “one”.

