Chapter 541: Tian Shuang’s Gift to Ning Zhuo: The Long Song for Exterminating Evil

“Tian Shuang, you fellow, you’ve actually truly embraced the Buddhist Dao!” Earth Ghost’s face was extremely grim.

His long-time partner, an extremely reliable comrade, had actually taken the opposing side against him -an unprecedented occurrence!

Just now, Earth Ghost had been laughing at Tian Shuang’s amusement, but now he could not laugh at all.

Heavenly Ghost, however, disregarding Earth Ghost’s heavy mood, opened his mouth and spat out a bone ball.

The ghastly pale bone ball flew into the air, rapidly extending and expanding, transforming into a skeletal doorframe.

Within the doorframe, a vortex took shape, connecting the space to an icy, snowy netherworld realm, forming a Ghost Gate.

Tian Shuang looked up, emitting a mournful wail.

The cry traveled to the other end of the doorframe, immediately attracting a large number of Snow-Bone Rakshasas and Ice-Crystal Ghosts.

The two ghost types formed a mixed ghost horde, swarming out and joining the battlefield.

As soon as they joined the battlefield, they immediately used their techniques, charging straight at the subterranean Fire Sha Ghosts and Earth-Melting Ghost horde.

The two sides engaged in intense combat underground, sparking explosions, with flames flying and ice crystals scattering.

A large number of ghosts perished in the internecine battle, and the Ice Ghost horde, not benefiting from the terrain, suffered even heavier losses.

But Tian Shuang, with a face full of Buddhist light, without any scruple, clasped his hands together at his chest and chanted, “Dust returns to dust, earth returns to earth; you vicious ghostly Sha souls, may you die where you belong, settle your karmic debts, and return to the natural order of heaven and earth. Go, go.”

“You idiot!” Di Hui couldn’t help but curse out loud; the losses were so great that it pained him immensely.

Tian Shuang smiled slightly, then turned his head slightly, and said to Ning Zhuo and the others, “You must know that the Heaven-Earth Combined Strike between Di Hui and I is a union of divine abilities; because its power is enormous, it is very difficult for us to sustain it on our own.”

“Thus, in battle we arranged the battlefield, employed the Ghost Gate artifact, connected to a certain place in the underworld, and released the ghost horde captured earlier. The greater the number of these ghosts remaining on the battlefield, the more pressure they could absorb for us.”

“We had just performed one Heaven-Earth Combined Strike, and if these ghosts were removed beforehand, it would be impossible to sustain a second.”

“In this way, if I forgo a second Heaven-Earth Combined Strike, then even if I subsequently fall back into the demonic path, the previous calamity will not recur.”

“Alas, cultivation is not easy; to reach the Nascent Soul stage, who knows how many hardships and thoughts it takes. That these cultivators have perished because of me is indeed a grave sin!”

Tian Shuang proactively explained to the others, disclosing that his combat strength was concealed, and kept confessing his sins, which left Liu, Guan, Zhang, and Ning rather dumbfounded.

Di Hui became furious, “Shut up!”

Not wanting Tian Shuang to reveal more secrets, he immediately formed a finger formation and executed a spell.

“Poison Sha Flame Flow!”

The poisonous gas surged, the Sha intent roiled, converging into nearly hundreds or even a thousand fiery streams, surging up from deep underground like pythons or serpents.

The Flame Flow charged wildly, cutting through many Snow-Bone Rakshasas and Ice-Crystal Ghosts, and upon striking the Fire Sha Ghosts and Earth-Melting Ghosts, it instead bestowed nourishment and combat power augmentation.

Initially, the Poison Sha Flame Flow consisted of only several hundred streams, but soon its numbers surged dramatically, breaking through the thousand mark, and it had already begun to slightly alter the battlefield.

Tian Shuang sighed with pity, “Di Hui, if you can transform the battlefield, then I too have my methods.”

Spell -Xuan Yin Frozen Realm.

In an instant, the barrier that had left a deep impression on Liu, Guan, Zhang, and Ning reopened, enveloping the area within a radius of ten li.

Within the barrier, the coldness ran rampant, and an eerie, unfathomable gloom prevailed.

The Flame Flow, which had originally been unrestrained, was immediately suppressed within the barrier, becoming weak and listless.

The Snow-Bone Rakshasas and Ice-Crystal Ghosts both gained an augmentation from the cold and yin energies, their momentum surging, and once again they fought evenly with the Earth-Melting Ghosts and Fire Sha Ghosts, locked in a back-and-forth battle.

Tian Shuang raised his arm and shouted, and thousands of ice spikes shot down, impaling the ghost horde, resulting in countless casualties.

The Earth-Melting Ghosts and Fire Sha Ghosts suffered devastating blows. They were either shot dead by the ice spikes on the spot or had their souls transferred, imprisoned within new ice spikes.

“Tian Shuang, you idiot!” Di Hui, upon witnessing this scene, cursed furiously.

He had not easily subdued these groups of Earth-Melting Ghosts and Fire Sha Ghosts.

Now, under the methods of his own partner, they had suffered grievous losses.

This greatly troubled Earth Ghost, and his expression grew more twisted and monstrous.

He took out a lantern, holding it in his hand.

Magical Artifact -Ghost-Striking Lantern!

As a Nascent Soul-level ghost cultivator true lord, Earth Ghost naturally also had this classic ghost-cultivator artifact.

However, his Ghost-Striking Lantern differed greatly from Tian Shuang’s.

Tian Shuang’s Ghost-Striking Lantern imprisoned the spirits of the ice and frost variety, while Earth Ghost’s artifact imprisoned ghosts of the fire and earth types.

Tian Shuang’s lantern was of white paper and ice bone, while the one in Di Hui’s hand was made of charcoal bone and human skin.

On the yellow human skin, images of scorching torture were engraved.

The lantern rotated slowly; wherever its light shone, the illusory images of various torture implements manifested, inflicting continuous damage upon all targets within its range.

Tian Shuang did not hesitate, and also retrieved his own Ghost-Striking Lantern.

For a moment, the light of the icy prison and the light of the scorching torture clashed, inflicting mutual harm.

With a bitter look on his face, Tian Shuang said, “Di Hui, you are still hurting others, still resisting. Wake up, awaken the goodness in your heart; you have sunk too deep into the demonic path.”

Di Hui bellowed, “Tian Shuang, you fellow, do you know what you’re saying and doing?!”

Tian Shuang looked up and sighed deeply, “You don’t understand; I am atoning for myself, and for you.”

Having said this, Tian Shuang then unleashed another artifact.

It was the Xuan Yin Ice Coffin!

When Di Hui saw the Ice Coffin, his pupils immediately constricted, and his expression changed drastically: “Tian Shuang, you’ve gone mad! You actually intend to unleash this Xuantian Ice Corpse!! You’re really trying to put me to death, you wastrel! Enough, I won’t join you in your madness anymore.”

Di Hui realized that this situation could no longer continue.

Unable to continue, he immediately retreated underground, quickly withdrawing.

Since there was no way to quickly rescue Tian Shuang, there was no need for him to stubbornly fight; he could exchange distance for time, and time for an opportunity.

It must be said, the Twin ghosts of Heaven and Earth had remained active to this day, carving out a magnificent reputation among the various nations; their combat prowess was indeed extremely high.

The anticipated mutual destructive clash, leading to both sides suffering defeat -even to the point of mutual annihilation -that Liu, Guan, Zhang, and Ning had looked forward to did not happen.

Di Hui did not give them any opportunity.

Tian Shuang clasped his hands together, bowed his head in bitter sigh, “My Buddha is above.”

He turned slightly, glancing back at Liu, Guan, Zhang, and Ning: “I once allied with Di Hui to wreak havoc upon the people; now is the time to repay the karmic debts and sins.”

“I will continue the chase; either he dies, or I perish!”

Liu, Guan, Zhang, Sun: ……

This situation was truly bizarre; for a moment, they didn’t know what to say.

Meanwhile, Ning Zhuo struggled to keep his Life Hanging by a Thread, continuously and frantically urging the Buddha Heart Demon Seal within his Divine Sea!

He bowed his head and bent over, as if shouldering a mountain-like burden.

It was precisely through his sustained efforts that Tian Shuang’s Divine Sea remained filled with buddhist thoughts, bathed in Buddha light.

Otherwise, the fierce battle would force the cultivators to rapidly expend their mental energy.

Without Ning Zhuo’s continuous supplementation, Tian Shuang would very likely, due to consuming too much buddhist thoughts, revert to normal thinking.

That he could, through the ghostly mask of Tian Shuang before him, indirectly influence Tian Shuang’s true body, Ning Zhuo had already expended his utmost effort!

Tian Shuang’s gaze eventually settled on Ning Zhuo.

He bowed deeply to Ning Zhuo: “Ning Zhuo, my young friend, by helping me awaken and comprehend the weight of my past sins to reform, you have become my excellent mentor and benefactor!”

“Next, my pursuit of Di Hui may be a point of no return, but I have resolved to exhaust my strength to eliminate calamities like Di Hui for the benefit of all living beings under heaven!”

“This is also my path of atonement.”

“My sins are too heavy; even if I can remove Di Hui, I would be too ashamed to live. This time, it is a final farewell!”

At this point, Tian Shuang took out a blank jade slip, and with his divine sense, swiftly engraved inscriptions.

He handed the jade slip to Ning Zhuo: “But if I lose this battle, here is the record of the cultivation methods, spells, and divine techniques of both me and Earth Ghost, along with my knowledge of Di Hui, and also much intelligence on the Soul Devouring Sect.”

Ning Zhuo, with difficulty, extended his hand and accepted the jade slip.

Tian Shuang then took out a storage bag, and after organizing his own collection, handed the packed bag to Ning Zhuo.

“This is the accumulation of my life’s work.”

“Ning Zhuo, you are the light of the righteous way!”

“This asset is my token of gratitude for rescuing me.”

“At the same time… I trust that you will better use this resource for the benefit of all living beings under heaven.”

“Of course, I must retain the artifacts, talismans, elixirs, and so on used for combat, in order to handle Di Hui.”

Tian Shuang’s Divine Sea was filled with buddhist thoughts, and he repented his sins immeasurably, having developed an inexhaustible resolve for death.

Ning Zhuo knew he could not dissuade him; if he could, it would be dangerous -it would imply that there were normal thoughts present in Tian Shuang’s Divine Sea.

Ning Zhuo could only extend his other hand and, with great effort, catch the storage bag.

It was very heavy.

This Nascent Soul-level storage bag was of very high standard, possessing the marvelous ability to reduce weight, yet Ning Zhuo, while holding it, still found it laborious, indicating that there were numerous valuable materials inside, to the extent that even the bag seemed overburdened.

Liu, Guan, and Zhang, upon witnessing this strange scene, all fell into silence.

Liu Er watched with his eyes staring fixedly.

Inside the mechanical dragon, Sun Lingtong was dumbfounded, exclaiming, “Wow, wow, wow, Little Zhuo, we’re making a fortune, we’re making a fortune!!”

Even Ning Zhuo wore a face full of astonishment, not knowing what to say.

This situation had changed far too quickly.

A moment ago, they were on the brink of life and death. Now, the Twin ghosts of Heaven and Earth were locked in fatal infighting, Di Hui could no longer continue and retreated voluntarily, while Tian Shuang directly bestowed his wealth upon Ning Zhuo, expressing immense gratitude!

“By the way,” Tian Shuang said, “there are relics of Qi Bai inside the storage bag; it was by relying on these divinations that I determined your location.”

“Di Hui also holds some. If I lose this battle and perish, you must be careful.”

Finally, before departing, Tian Shuang glanced at the Tian Shuang ghost mask before Ning Zhuo. After a moment’s hesitation, he said, “This ghost mask of mine, I give it to you.”

“I believe it will offer you some help.”

“Since I may not remain in this world, please take care and have it do more good deeds for me, to atone for my karmic debts and shortcomings.”

Ning Zhuo’s eyelids were exceedingly heavy, and his nostrils bled; he employed his divine powers to frenziedly stimulate the Buddha Heart Demon Seal, which was nearing its limit.

He slowly nodded, unable to utter a single word; he could only, with all his might, barely nod to Tian Shuang, and with great difficulty manage to say two words: “You go.”

Tian Shuang nodded, and in the next moment, soared upward, ascending into the high sky.

He sped away, leaving only his voice echoing over the battlefield.

“Ning Zhuo, my young friend, as a parting gift I present you with a poem, to convey my heartfelt sentiments.”

“Ning Zhuo, with one strike dispels the haze, shattering the cold ice to reveal the blue sky. 
Iron-clad armor, frosted and relentless, chases away bygone sins; the cold blade, bathed in blood, severs the remnants of pacts. 
May this body transform into the Dragon Spring Sword, even in death guarding against the abyss of evil dragons. 
May you, bearing the torch, break through the long night and secure the righteous legacy of our lands.”

“Tian Shuang’s True Gift to Ning Zhuo: The Long Song for Exterminating Evil!”

Thud.

Ning Zhuo fell to the ground, his mind dazed, his eyelids nearly unable to open.

He had expended himself too greatly.

Liu, Guan, and Zhang hurriedly stepped forward and helped him up.

Zhang Hei, in unison, exclaimed, “Impressive! The strategist’s techniques are indeed formidable!”

Guan Hong expressed his gratitude, “Without our strategist, we would surely have perished here. Guan owes you his life, strategist.”

Liu Er then remarked, “Tian Shuang’s ability to repent and start anew is entirely thanks to the strategist. May you, bearing the torch, break through the long night and secure the righteous legacy of our lands… Our strategist is extraordinarily gifted, so young, with a future full of promise. 

Even demonic cultivators like Tian Shuang recognize you, believing that you will one day lead the righteous path for the benefit of all beings!”

Liu Er was full of envy, knowing in his heart that after this battle, Ning Zhuo would undoubtedly become famous, his name spread across the nations!

Realizing he could no longer hold on, Ning Zhuo used his remaining strength to grab Liu Er’s arm and anxiously, weakly urged, “Quick, retreat.”

“Before we retreat, clear the battlefield; there are many treasures here.”

After giving his instructions, Ning Zhuo rolled his eyes and fainted.

Liu, Guan, and Zhang: ……

Meanwhile, in the main camp of Two Note Nation-

“What?!”

In the Commander’s Mansion, there was a state of shock.

“Our carefully formed battle squad has been killed by the Twin ghosts of Heaven and Earth, with only two or three survivors?”

“This, this, this!”

“These are the experts of my main force, my pillars!”

“The losses are too grievous.”

“Next, if the Ten Thousand Peaks Forest Alliance counterattacks, what shall we do?”

“Not if, but certainly when! If I were the Ten Thousand Peaks Forest Alliance, how could I let such a golden opportunity pass? After all, Dragon King Giant Wood Mountain is right next to us!”

The generals debated fiercely, many speaking loudly, when suddenly someone in a sinister tone said, “Who exactly is it that planned this pursuit, causing our army such grievous losses?”

Though the voice was soft, it was distinctly heard by everyone.

The supervising general Zhao Xi, seated in the main position, upon hearing this, immediately furrowed his brows and demanded, “Who? Who just said that? Step forward!”

No one answered.

The generals’ eyes slowly turned towards Zhao Xi.

They maintained calm expressions, yet their gazes held deep implications.

Zhao Xi’s hair stood on end, and a large patch of cold sweat immediately appeared on his back.

“This is bad,” Zhao Xi thought, feeling extremely uneasy.

Since joining the main force, he had immediately seized power, leveraging the Three Generals Battalion and Ning Zhuo’s proactive cooperation to successfully ignite three fires that affirmed his authority.

This time, knowing that the Three Generals Battalion and Ning Zhuo were in danger, he immediately organized a group of men -all Nascent Soul-level cultivators -to join the battle.

On one hand, it was to safeguard Ning Zhuo and the Three Generals Battalion; on the other, to erase previous humiliation, defeat the Twin ghosts of Heaven and Earth, and garner substantial military achievements for himself.

Unexpectedly, he failed!

“Heaven-Earth Combined Strike, huh…” For a moment, Zhao Xi could only silently lament, his limbs growing weak, feeling utterly helpless.


Author Note:

After attending the annual meeting, I returned to Yangzhou only after dawn yesterday.

Today, having relaxed, my head was foggy and I was not in good shape.

Today is the first update.

There will be extra updates this month to repay the update debt from before.

Thank you all for your ongoing support!