Chapter 544: New · Cang Iron Armor

A silver-gray mechanical battle armor quietly hovered in mid-air.

The battle armor was riddled with scars, and the faint treasure light that once flowed through it had all disappeared without a trace. The entire battle armor was dark all over, and all the talismans had been entirely consumed; due to extreme usage, the battle armor was on the verge of collapse.

It was none other than the Cang Iron Armor.

Ning Zhuo stood in front of the Cang Iron Armor, arms folded, frowning in deep thought.

The battle with the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth had benefited him greatly - not only with the various spoils of war he had gained, but also because after surviving such a life-and-death battle, Ning Zhuo had deeply felt and seen his own many shortcomings.

“The Cang Iron Armor was left to me by my mother; by consuming a Foundation Establishment Pill, it granted me Foundation Establishment level combat power during the Qi Refining stage.”

“But as I advanced into the Foundation Establishment stage, this mechanical battle armor was used very little.”

“Coming to join the army of Twin Rivers Nation, with the backing of military power and national strength, I could advance to a combat power of the Golden Core level, which further rendered this mechanical battle armor nearly obsolete.”

“Previously, when facing the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth, in the situation where even my somersault cloud was destroyed, I could only resort to using this mechanical battle armor as an aid for flight.”

Thinking of this, Ning Zhuo then said to Sun Lingtong beside him, “Boss, I intend to modify the Cang Iron Armor to turn it into my flying tool.”

“After the battle with the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth, I discovered that the ability to fly was truly necessary!”

“My previous perspective and feelings were quite narrow.”

“In normal combat, I must possess powerful flying ability.”

Hearing this, Sun Lingtong turned his head to glance at Ning Zhuo and said, “That is to be expected. Little Zhuo, since you are at the Second Layer of Foundation Establishment; you can practice flying now.”

For cultivators, flying was indeed a basic ability.

Qi Refining cultivators could not fly by sword control; Foundation Establishment cultivators could fly by controlling a sword, but their own spiritual energy could not support it for long.

It was not until the Golden Core level that cultivators could fly by sword control for a long time, cover long distances, and even begin to master quick-escape. But the consumption of Golden Core power by quick-escape was too fierce, and it could not be maintained for long.

This was the norm.

But what Ning Zhuo desired was clearly not this standard in the norm.

He wanted extremely powerful flying ability so that in the future when he fought the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth, he would have a way to contend.

Sun Lingtong, who knew Ning Zhuo very well, advised, “I say, we are only Foundation Establishment cultivators. Do not always think about fighting the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth. That is too forced!”

“The more correct approach is to evade by long-distance escape, hide, flee, and patiently cultivate until our strength is comparable, and then take action.”

“How could someone in the Foundation Establishment stage be planning to contend with a Nascent Soul cultivator?”

Ning Zhuo exclaimed “Ah” in surprise, feeling both enlightened and somewhat confused.

He scratched the back of his head and said, “Will the enemy really let you go just because you are weak? Is it that when we are weak, we can only encounter enemies of roughly the same level as ourselves?”

“Reality was cruel.”

“No matter how strong the enemy was, we needed to do our utmost!”

Sun Lingtong fell silent.

He knew that Ning Zhuo’s words were entirely heartfelt.

After all, the latter had, since the age of two, spent day and night pondering how to deal with the City Lord’s Mansion led by the Nascent Soul cultivator Meng Kui.

Ning Zhuo truly did not think that such ideas were in any way wrong.

After all, he had come through in that way. Moreover, in the contest for the Lava Immortal Palace, he had defeated Meng Kui, Zhu Xuanji, and others, and ended up being the one who benefited the most.

Sun Lingtong thought again, “To be honest, Little Zhuo’s combat power was indeed rather abnormal.”

“Although his cultivation was only at the second stage of Foundation Establishment, by leveraging factors such as military strategy, mechanism techniques, the Five Elements realm, and so on, he already had a formidable combat power equivalent to the Golden Core level.”

“Such a cultivator, to plot against strong opponents at the Nascent Soul level, would not seem out of place at all.”

In ancient times, when the various arts of cultivation were not yet developed, the primary measure of a cultivator’s combat power was their own cultivation level.

As time passed, the arts of cultivation had made significant progress, and magical treasures, divine abilities, and so on became important components of combat power, causing many cultivators to be able to fight across levels and win.

Later on, the arts of cultivation blossomed like a hundred flowers - for example, the way of the military strategists had reached a qualitative change, and the importance of cultivation level in constituting combat power greatly diminished.

And now, in the flourishing era of cultivation, with brilliant blossoms and raging flames, cultivation was only one aspect influencing combat power.

Sun Lingtong shrugged and said, “Little Zhuo, do whatever you want to do. The normal standards do not apply to you; you are a genius!”

Ning Zhuo smiled bitterly and said, “Boss, at this moment... between us, you need not exchange pleasantries. I was just an unlucky fellow, having been pursued by the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth.”

“What else could I do?”

“I could only do my utmost, strive to strengthen myself, so as to contend with such formidable enemies.”

Ning Zhuo fixed his gaze on the Cang Iron Armor and said, “Boss, the Cang Iron Armor was left to me by my mother, and I have feelings for it.”

“This time, it also helped me in battle once again.”

“When I fought wearing it, it was as if my mother was helping me, and that feeling was quite beautiful.”

“Therefore, I intend to properly modify it, upgrade it, and turn it into my flying weapon to contend with strong enemies.”

Sun Lingtong asked curiously, “Then what was your initial modification plan?”

Ning Zhuo, clearly full of confidence and having already conceived his plan, said immediately, “First, its energy core - which was originally a Foundation Establishment Pill - I wondered if it could be directly replaced with a cultivator’s Golden Core?”

Sun Lingtong was momentarily stunned and said, “That should be possible.”

“Think about it, our mechanical dragon required a Nascent Soul as its energy core. Upgrading the energy core standard of the Cang Iron Armor from a Foundation Establishment Pill to a Golden Core is very reasonable.”

“Right!” Ning Zhuo said, “In the design of this part, I mainly referenced the mechanical dragon.”

“It’s just that Golden Cores are hard to come by…”

Sun Lingtong immediately interrupted, “What, what’s the problem with that?”

“In the past, perhaps Golden Cores were indeed hard to come by. But Little Zhuo, do not forget, we were in the midst of a great war now.”

“In that recent battle against the Twin Ghosts of Heaven and Earth, many Nascent Soul level cultivators sacrificed themselves. I believed that even more Golden Core level cultivators would be sacrificed.”

“Aren’t we about to obtain a huge amount of merit?”

“Then we could use it to exchange for Golden Cores from the Twin Rivers Nation.”

“Even if the expedition battle of Thousand Peaks Forest has lasted until now, the main forces of Twin Rivers Nation have not yet collected even one. I do not believe there would be none in Twin Rivers Nation’s treasury.”

“It is just that we need to be mindful of how many merits are required to exchange for one Golden Core.”

“After all, someone else’s Golden Core was still an external thing. It was the state power that was most beneficial to us. For a cultivation nation to open up its state power, this opportunity was quite rare!”

Upon hearing Sun Lingtong’s reminder, Ning Zhuo’s eyes lit up, and he softly exclaimed, “Boss, since we can exchange for Golden Cores… can we exchange for a Nascent Soul as well?”

“With a Nascent Soul, we would not need to consume spirit stones to drive the mechanical dragon, but rather use the Nascent Soul.”

Previously, Sun and Ning had used Fire Essence. Later, when the Fire Essence was insufficient, they used spirit stones.

But whether it was Fire Essence or spirit stones, they were consumables; once used, they were gone.

Using a Nascent Soul to drive it was different.

When a Nascent Soul was consumed more, it could operate the technique and absorb surrounding spiritual energy to recover.

Moreover, a Nascent Soul using its own spiritual energy was much more efficient than merely consuming Fire Essence or spirit stones!

In short, using a Nascent Soul was very cost-effective.

Sun Lingtong was slightly taken aback and said, “Exchanging for a Nascent Soul would be very difficult!”

“Because a Nascent Soul has its own will, for a cultivation nation to award it as an item is quite taboo.”

"It's on par with the demonic path."

“But Golden Cores were fine, as many elixirs were made using Golden Cores, and when setting up formations, Golden Cores were also used to fill the formation’s eye.”

Ning Zhuo said, “I see.”

“I will first contact the Three General Camp - no, directly contact Zhao Xi - and through him see if it is possible to exchange for a Nascent Soul.”

“If it turns out that we cannot exchange for one, then we will only exchange for Golden Cores.”

Last time, Zhao Xi had exchanged for Ning Zhuo's Three Yuan Interlocking Treasure Talisman with extremely high efficiency. This kind of ability to get things done left both Sun and Ning deeply impressed.

No wonder Zhao Xi did well in the officialdom of the Twin Rivers Nation!

So this time, even knowing that the matter of the Nascent Soul was taboo, he still retained a hope.

This was the expectation placed on Zhao Xi.

Ning Zhuo continued, “Apart from upgrading the energy core to exchange for Golden Cores, most of the materials of the Cang Iron Armor needed to be replaced with materials of Golden Core level, or even Nascent Soul level.”

“I have three mechanical pedestals, all of the Nascent Soul level. I also have a large quantity of treasure materials; processing materials, manufacturing semi-finished products, mechanical accessories, and parts are not a problem.”

After upgrading the energy core, the original Cang Iron Armor's body would be far too outdated. A Foundation Establishment level body couldn't support the full power of a Golden Core. Using it too much could cause the armor to collapse and fall apart.

Sun Lingtong greatly agreed with Ning Zhuo’s plan, because upgrading the chassis materials was something that needed to be done, and was imperative.

“Next is the focus of the modification.” Ning Zhuo said this, his eyes showing solemnity.

While gesturing with his hand and pointing at the Cang Iron Armor, he said, “I intend to add a pair of wings to the Cang Iron Armor, modify its mechanical structure, retain its mechanical art ‘Wind and Thunder Movement’, improve the mechanical art ‘Cang Dragon Strikes the Void’, and remove the mechanical art ‘Iron Armor Chill’.”

Sun Lingtong thought for a moment, then expressed his agreement again, “Our somersault cloud has been destroyed, and even the top grade Black Iron Cloud had been lost.”

“To contend with cultivators of the Golden Core level and above, flying was necessary. This was the foundation of battle.”

“If we stayed on the ground, we would be too passive!”

“You want to modify the Cang Iron Armor to achieve this goal. That was very good; I fully supported you, but exactly how would you do that?”

“Are these wings going to mimic which type of bird, or are they just a simple shape, propelled by a formation?”

Ning Zhuo thought for a moment and said, “For sustained flight, of course they must be biomimetic - the most natural and appropriate.”

“If it were a simple shape, it would be akin to brute - force flying, relying on the force of the Golden Core to vigorously propel.”

“I still want to take the technical route, hahahaha.”

Sun Lingtong nodded and smiled.

The two then began to bury themselves in designing the blueprints together.

The Cang Iron Armor itself was a mechanical armor designed for ground combat, and now it was to be modified into a tool primarily for flight; besides the wings, the shape of the Cang Iron Armor itself also needed to be altered.

Sun and Ning each designed separately at first, then compared notes with each other, and finally made choices, arriving at the final result.

The result was that the ends of the shoulder plates no longer curved upward, but were changed to a streamlined, downward-hanging shape.

The waist became thinner, the arms and legs were lengthened, the arms could closely adhere to both sides of the body, and could also be fixed.

At the back of the legs, the heels could extend out in a fish-fin-like shape, which could help cultivators adjust their flight direction.

The feet were also designed with talisman formations, using talismans to hold down the formation’s eye, and when necessary, to ignite the talisman, which could produce a strong thrust.

The key part of the design was the wings.

Sun and Ning, not failing to have good tacit understanding, both chose the wing shape of a swallow; only that the former adopted that of a spring swallow, while the latter adopted that of a sea swallow.

After combining the two, and with the new mechanical armor design, they eventually made the wing shape mimic a golden swallow.

The maximum speed of the golden swallow was very high, its top speed was quite exaggerated; its drawback was that its explosive power was insufficient, and its acceleration was not fast enough.

But when placed on the Cang Iron Armor, that drawback no longer existed, because both acceleration and explosive power could be strongly boosted through the Golden Core and talismans!

This was the strength and excellence of the mechanical arts - they could make up for weaknesses by taking advantage of strengths.

Since it was the golden swallow with two wings, naturally the most suitable material was gold material.

At the beginning of the design, Ning Zhuo did not have any special requirements for the material, so he first used one of the most widely used materials - gold essence.

Modifying the appearance was very easy; Ning Zhuo quickly finished it using the mechanical pedestal.

He did not rush to add talismans and formations; Ning Zhuo first donned it and conducted low-altitude flight tests.

The test was initially successful.

The shape of the Cang Iron Armor was excellent, allowing the air to open up and effectively reduce wind resistance.

Ning Zhuo then began to design the formations.

The most basic core of the formations was the energy core part.

One had to start designing from there in order to have subsequent developments, widely extending outwards.

Because it was no longer a Foundation Establishment Pill, but a Golden Core was used, the old parts of the energy core all had to be discarded.

Considering that the properties of the Golden Core were not yet defined, Ning Zhuo thought for a moment and decided to adopt the structure of a Five Elements Golden Core Wheel.

This idea was, on one hand, derived from the old Foundation Establishment Pill inlay slot, and on the other hand from the Five Elements Spirit Turning Wheel.

The Five Elements Spirit Turning Wheel was one of the items Ning Zhuo had obtained while exploring the Lava Immortal Palace’s levels.

He had used it several times and had been deeply impressed.

Combining the design concepts of the two aspects, Ning Zhuo integrated them and quickly created the Five Elements Golden Core Wheel.

On the wheel, there was a groove used to inlay the Golden Core. As long as the Golden Core belonged to one of the Five Elements, the wheel could transform its spiritual energy, converting it into the other four elements.

After designing the energy core part, Ning Zhuo naturally extended the design outward.

On the golden swallow wings, he arranged the Sharp Arrow Formation, used to cut through the air. At the waist and abdomen, he arranged the Evergreen Formation, used for endurance. Inside the Cang Iron Armor, he extensively inscribed the Return Flow Formation, used to balance and regulate the internal and external air pressure of the mechanical armor. At the soles, he designed the Fire Spraying Formation, which could accelerate the mechanical armor.

And on the helmet, he arranged the Earth Shield Formation, to enhance defense.

The mechanical pedestal once again played a powerful role, allowing Sun and Ning to quickly imprint various formation patterns on each mechanical component.

After assembly, the new Cang Iron Armor retained only the internal spinal part; the rest was made entirely of new treasure materials.

Once the formation patterns were all connected, Ning Zhuo began to sequentially activate the formations.

All the formations passed in one go, without any problems.

Sun Lingtong, from the bottom of his heart, exclaimed, “If we were to arrange the formations, we would have gotten one or two wrong in size. The mechanical pedestal was truly useful!”

With the preliminary finished product, Ning Zhuo donned it immediately and conducted tests.

Because each formation had been designed with the most conservative parameters, the test results were very good.

After continuous testing over more than thirty times, there were only five occurrences of issues. They were all minor issues, such as the inconsistent thrust of the Fire Spraying Formation on the soles, which needed adjustment. Also, during long-distance flights, the knee joints tended to bend, leading to excessive wind resistance and overheating, requiring resolution of the local high temperature - otherwise, after a single battle, the knees would be ruined first.

The inconsistent fire thrust was easily resolved. Ning Zhuo newly drew a formation line linking the two Fire Spraying Formations on the soles to adjust their fire thrust.

In addition, Ning Zhuo also modified a small part of the Fire Spraying Formation on the soles, so that these two formations could sense each other. In this way, it also served to adjust the uneven force.

These two methods worked in tandem to prevent the formation patterns from being damaged in battle and other situations. In the event of an accident, at least there was a backup plan available for emergency response.

After a lot of modifications, an Ice Frost Return Flow Ring was added to the knee joints, perfectly paired with the Return Flow Formation, solving the overheating problem.

The Fire Spraying Formation on the soles was upgraded to the “Leaving Fire, Tongue Out” Formation. The propulsion ability of the “Leaving Fire” was more than ten times that of before.

The Sharp Arrow Formation on the golden swallow wings was upgraded to the “White Tiger Breaking Army” Formation. This one, primarily based on runes, served as the formation’s eye.

The Evergreen Formation at the waist and abdomen was directly externalized, freeing up its original location for the Return Flow Formation.

Ning Zhuo specially designed a mechanical rope, on which he arranged the Evergreen Formation. After being wrapped around the waist, when the Evergreen Formation was activated, the entire mechanism benefited.

The originally internally confined Return Flow Formation of the Cang Iron Armor was upgraded to the Two Forms Return Flow Formation, with internal and external yin and yang, which was more conducive to regulating and balancing the inside and outside of the mechanical armor.

The performance of these formations was increased by an average of more than a dozen times, causing the overall performance of the mechanical armor to soar enormously.

But after testing, Ning Zhuo discovered another problem.

The gold essence materials could not bear such strong performance, and the golden swallow wings bore the most pressure, so they finally collapsed.

Ning Zhuo first changed the material, then altered the structure of the golden swallow wings. Previously, they were two-fold, but now they were three-fold!

After the golden wings no longer dropped chains, Ning Zhuo further optimized the curvature of the flight wings in subsequent tests.

In the spinal part, he arranged twelve Spirit-Dividing Mirrors respectively, which were more conducive to control.

He made tolerance adjustments to the Five Elements Golden Core Wheel.

At this point, the Cang Iron Armor was reborn anew!