Chapter 56: All Sides

Fei Si’s expression darkened.

The City Lord’s gaze also tightened involuntarily.

Ever since the emergence of Lava Immortal Palace, although he had done everything to keep the news sealed, he had fully expected that the higher ups in the dynasty would eventually catch wind of it.

But he didn’t expect it to be this fast!

Fei Si’s heart was filled with countless suspicions: “Did someone leak the information on purpose?

“It’s unlikely to be the Zheng or Zhou Clans. They’re too eager to profit from the Lava Immortal Palace.

“Could it be that the Ning Clan saw themselves falling behind and decided to directly call in outsiders?”

Zhu Xuanji saw the two fall silent and let out a light laugh. “Meng Kui, your Meng Clan already owns Purple Smoke City, Azure Frost City, and Earth Womb City, and now you want to control Fire Persimmon City as well?

“Let me be blunt. Five hundred years ago, the royal family already knew about the Lava Immortal Palace being buried in this mountain. Do you think the royal family never explored the immortal palace because they didn’t want to?”

Fei Si was stunned.

City Lord Meng Kui also looked visibly moved.

Zhu Xuanji was a divine investigator and also an envoy of the royal family. He wouldn’t spout nonsense.

But if this were true, then everything Meng Kui had done up to now, all his scheming and planning, might turn out to be a complete joke!

Zhu Xuanji sighed: “The Lava Immortal Palace wasn’t supposed to emerge at this time; something wrong must be happening here. That’s why I was dispatched by the royal family and the Divine Investigation Bureau to come take a look.

“This is the decree from the immortal dynasty.”

Meng Kui could no longer sit still. He stood up and bent down, receiving the decree with both hands.

After reading through and confirming it was authentic, Meng Kui asked: “Envoy, what instructions do you have?”

Zhu Xuanji said: “I want to find out the real reason why the immortal palace emerged. For now, let Chi Dun cooperate with my investigation in the field.

“If I need anything else from you in the future, you’ll be informed.”

Facing Meng Kui, a Nascent Soul cultivator, he showed no courtesy.

Meng Kui immediately summoned Chi Dun and introduced him to Zhu Xuanji.

A moment later, Fei Si watched as the two departed, worry clouding his face: “Sir, I didn’t expect the royal family to send someone so quickly!

“It seems the royal family even knows some secrets of Lava Immortal Palace.”

The City Lord pondered: “Long ago, Three Schools Supreme Sage and Southern Bean’s founding sovereign were in love, and stayed together for a time.

“It’s not surprising for the royal family to be aware of some secret matters.

“Zhu Xuanji seems to only be here to investigate and doesn’t plan on involving himself in the fight over the Lava Immortal Palace.

“Everything shall proceed as before.”

Fei Si bowed and accepted the order: “Yes.”

After he left, clouds and mist once again shrouded Meng Kui.

Behind the concealment, the City Lord’s face was full of gloom.

The Meng Clan was strong. But in truth, it was nothing more than a single prominent clan within Southern Bean Kingdom.

Meng Kui was powerful, sitting in a mountain city as the sole Nascent Soul cultivator. But in essence, he was nothing more than a city guard.

Looking around, Meng Kui found the all-pervasive clouds heavy and suffocating for the first time.

…

The patriarchs of the Zhou and Zheng Clans were meeting in secret.

“Brother Zhou, do you know how worried our clan was after the second assassination that happened in your clan the other day?” The Zheng Clan patriarch spoke with deliberation.

The Zhou Clan patriarch smiled slightly.

Previously, when Zhou Zhu entered the Lava Immortal Palace, Zhou Zeshen had made a mess of things. Since they couldn’t cover up the alerts, the Zhou Clan’s elders decided to just play along and pretend there was really another assassination attempt in order to fool the other clans and buy themselves more time.

Looking back, although they did buy a little time, it wasn’t of much use.

Because the Lava Immortal Palace’s trials were simply too difficult!

After analyzing the information brought back by Zhou Zhu and Zheng Jian, the Zhou and Zheng Clans realized that only by cooperating would they have a chance of clearing the trials.

Thus, they had gone to approach the City Lord Mansion seeking an alliance, but Meng Chong rejected them.

This rejection made the two clans grow anxious.

What did this mean?

It meant that the City Lord Mansion’s Meng Chong didn’t need allies; he could clear the trials all on his own!

As expected of a super-grade innate talent.

After sighing in admiration, the leaders of the two clans immediately decided to join forces against the City Lord Mansion.

If not, they would have no chance of winning.

The Zhou Clan patriarch sighed: “The Meng Clan is a major clan throughout the entire kingdom, fully controlling three immortal cities.

“We can’t compare to them; our two clans occupy only a single city each.

“Let’s put aside the inheritance for a moment. If Meng Chong becomes the City Lord and the Lava Immortal Palace threatens the fire persimmon harvest, the Meng Clan will have every reason to send more manpower over.

“Once that happens, what will become of our two clans?

“Recently, I’ve been constantly worrying about these things.”

These words clearly struck a chord with the Zheng Clan patriarch. “Only by joining together will we have a chance.”

The Zhou Clan patriarch added, “Why don’t we pull in the Ning Clan as well? Three clans together will stand a better chance against the City Lord Mansion.”

The Zheng Clan patriarch thought for a moment and nodded heavily: “Good idea. Let’s bring in the Ning Clan!

“Clans are forged in iron, city lords come and go.

“Fire Persimmon Immortal City is already crowded with our three clans. We can’t give the Meng Clan a chance to step in!”

…

The Ning Clan patriarch was pacing restlessly in his courtyard, full of anxiety.

Only after a servant came with a report of success did he clap his hands and laugh. “It’s done!”

The Ning Clan patriarch was acutely aware that his clan was falling behind and thus proactively sent gifts to the Zhou Clan patriarch in hopes of forming an alliance.

The Zhou Clan’s envoy brought not only good news, but also valuable information.

The Ning Clan patriarch was shocked: “So the testing method has changed so drastically for Qi Refining stage cultivators! Quick, go find out what cultivation level Ning Xiaohui has reached now!”

The servant quickly returned: “The second level.”

“What about the others?”

The servant replied: “A few have reached the first level. Most have only just finished dispersing their previous cultivation.”

"Too slow, much too slow!" The Ning Clan patriarch was so anxious that he nearly stomped on the ground. He hurriedly gave the order to increase the rewards and encourage the recultivation team to cultivate day and night.

The Ning Clan patriarch was deeply worried. "Our Ning Clan migrated here from elsewhere. To Fire Persimmon Immortal City, we’re outsiders.

"Now that the Lava Immortal Palace has appeared, we must seize the opportunity to cooperate with the other two families and strengthen our relations.

“The City Lord will eventually step down, but the Zhou and Zheng Clans will still be here.

“Our Ning Clan has always ranked last among the three great clans. Only by moving forward step by step will we have the chance to grow stronger.”

…

In the Monkey Head Gang.

The current gang leader, Yuan Er, had gathered all the elders.

His expression was grim and his tone heavy as he spoke. "You’ve all seen the mechanical explosive fire monkey, right?

“It’s extremely dangerous!

“For this Fire Persimmon Festival, even if we have to bet our lives against a demonic cultivator, we must go all out and show our worth to Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s higher ups!

“Otherwise, the business of harvesting fire persimmons will be stolen by those fake monkeys.”

The elders knew how critical the situation was and immediately voiced their agreement.

Seeing their acquiescence, Yuan Er showed a trace of satisfaction. “We absolutely cannot lose this major business of ours. Only by holding on will there be a future for our Monkey Head Gang.

“As long as we pass through this hurdle, our Monkey Head Gang will only get stronger. Someday, we might just become the fifth great force in Fire Persimmon Immortal City.”

Before he could finish his speech, a gang member suddenly burst in, panic and fluster on his face. “Sir Gang Leader, it’s terrible! Our monkeys have been poisoned! Many are dead!”

The gang elders stood up simultaneously, full of shock and fury.

"Who’s targeting us?"

"Kill them!"

