Chapter 57: Dasheng and Da Sheng[^1]

In the Monkey Head Gang.

Numerous monkey corpses were laid out in a row.

The gang’s higher ups had all gathered, each one staring at the monkey corpses with dark expressions.

An elder lowered his head, examined the corpses briefly, then formed hand seals and drew out the poison.

Pitch-black poison floated there like a plume of black smoke. A faint heat and dryness filled the air.

"It's fire poison."

"That’ll be hard to trace."

Fire Persimmon Mountain was filled with endless heat, flames, and fire poison.

It could be said that the fire poison here was an inexhaustible resource. Back before Fire Persimmon Mountain was sealed off, any cultivator who entered the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern could gather huge amounts of fire poison.

Given all this, cultivators could easily produce all kinds of refined fire poisons. Thus, this clue wasn’t much for the Monkey Head Gang to go off of.

Yuan Er’s face was extremely grim.

He had only just rallied the elders and explained the gang’s current crisis. Now, just when they desperately needed their monkeys to prove their value, a full third of their monkey pets had just died!

The elders all looked toward Yuan Er.

Their eyes held worry, but also expectation and scrutiny.

Compared to his father Yuan Yi, Yuan Er had only taken the position of leader a short while ago. He hadn’t made any great achievements yet, nor had he convinced the masses.

Now, the gang was facing a huge crisis. Could this youngster really steer them through?

“Gang leader, what should we do now?” one elder asked pointedly.

Yuan Er thought for a moment. “We can’t be short of monkey pets!

“If we can’t show our value, the business of harvesting fire persimmons will no longer belong to us.

“Hurry and capture or purchase other monkeys to replenish our strength!”

The elders frowned one after another.

“Even if we do that, we can’t train the monkeys properly in such a short time.”

“At most, it’s a little better than doing nothing.”

“No, being too hasty could backfire. If these monkeys aren’t trained enough and mess up during the Fire Persimmon Festival, they might set off explosions in Fire Persimmon Forest. That kind of outcome would be even worse for us!”

“You all might not know this yet, but monkeys are already very scarce on the market. Many near the immortal city have already been captured or killed,” an elder mentioned.

“There’s such a thing?” The others were shocked, and Yuan Er also turned to him inquiringly.

The elder nodded: “Recently, the Monster Hunting Association has received a flood of orders to capture live wild monkeys.

“Even the black market is buying monkey pets at high prices.”

Yuan Er immediately narrowed his eyes. “Who’s buying? Could it be the same one behind the poisoning?”

The elders furrowed their brows in deep thought.

They all felt a chill run down their spines.

“Gang leader, someone’s targeting us.”

“We’re being set up! Someone’s plotting against us!”

“Who is it?”

An elder stared at Yuan Er and said, “Gang leader, it’s come to this point. What more is there to think about?

“Find them and kill them!

“If the former gang leader were still alive, he definitely wouldn’t hesitate.”

Yuan Er’s face darkened. He almost wanted to curse out loud.

Find and kill who?

Judging by the current situation, the one who poisoned their monkey pets was most likely the Flying Disk Workshop.

The workshop master, Chen Cha, was the inventor of the explosive fire monkey.

If the Monkey Head Gang underperformed at the Fire Persimmon Festival, Chen Cha’s mechanical explosive fire monkeys would snatch up the incredibly profitable harvesting business.

But Chen Cha himself was nothing. The real problem lay in the one behind him: Fei Si.

Fei Si was a Golden Core cultivator famous for his ruthlessness. Anyone who spent enough time in Fire Persimmon Immortal City would eventually hear of his name.

Yuan Er was deeply worried. If he investigated this matter and the results pointed toward Chen Cha…

That would be a rough spot to be in.

He couldn’t investigate.

But if he didn’t investigate, it would make him look weak and incompetent. His position as gang leader would be seriously threatened.

Yuan Er glared hard at the elder who suggested tracking down the culprit, full of an urge to strangle him.

He knew that this elder had always coveted the position of gang leader.

This was how gangs worked.

They weren’t clans, nor were they sects. Blood ties and master-disciple relationships had no place here. Everything was about profit. The final say went to whoever had the biggest fist; the leader was whoever could make everyone rich!

This elder had deep cunning and was skilled in politicking. He forced Yuan Er into a dilemma after applying just a bit of pressure.

Yuan Er’s mind turned rapidly as he appeared deep in thought. “Right now, none of this is the priority.”

Looking at the numerous monkey corpses on the ground, he said, “Many of these monkeys are Uncle Monkey’s descendants. Since something this big has happened, I have to ask Uncle for his thoughts first.”

In that instant, the tense atmosphere of coercion vanished.

Though the old gang leader Yuan Yi was dead, he’d left behind his spirit pet - Yuan Dasheng!

This Molten Flame Demonic Ape had fought alongside Yuan Yi from the very start as he built up the Monkey Head Gang from nothing. It was now the backbone of the entire gang!

The moment Yuan Dasheng was mentioned, all the elders fell silent.

Most couldn’t help but feel deep reverence in their hearts.

Yuan Er quietly let out a breath and turned to leave: “Uncle Monkey is asleep. I’ll go wake him.”

Everyone hurriedly said, “Let Lord Monkey sleep until noon - don’t disturb his peaceful dreams.”

But Yuan Er insisted, saying, “It’s only a disturbance if it’s you guys. If I’m the one waking him up, there won’t be a problem. You’d better not follow, or if Uncle Monkey gets upset, he’ll beat you senseless.”

With that, Yuan Er walked off leisurely. None of the elders dared to follow.

Yuan Er’s departing figure exuded a sense of smugness.

Many elders inwardly grumbled: “Truly a human relying on a monkey’s might[^2].”

Yuan Er slipped into a tent.

There, an old ape lay sleeping on its side.

Its body was huge, with thick red fur and bulging muscles.

There were scars of all sizes covering its body, giving it a fierce and enduring aura.

Yuan Er instinctively softened his steps as walked up to it and gently called out: “Uncle Dasheng, Uncle Dasheng…”

“Da Sheng, Da Sheng…”

Yuan Dasheng’s breathing was steady. In the midst of the calls, it faintly dreamed of its former master, Yuan Yi…

…

Yuan Yi, dressed in rags and covered in dirt, came back holding a wooden bucket. His face was beaming: “Look what I got today!

“Leftovers from the Scarlet Building! I got there just in time – they hadn’t tossed it yet, and I snatched a whole bucket!

“We’re eating good today, eating good!”

Yuan Yi ran over to his ape pet, placing the bucket on the ground.

“I really gave you the right name! Da Sheng, Da Sheng, always eating lots of leftovers. How blessed you are.”

Back then, the ape was still growing, and its appetite was huge.

The moment it smelled the aroma of food, it plunged headfirst into the bucket, eating nonstop.

Soon, it gulped down everything.

Just as it sat back down, Yuan Yi’s stomach let out a loud growl.

The ape froze.

Yuan Yi grinned: “Hehe. I already ate, I already ate!”

The ape’s cheeks were puffed with the final mouthful of food.

Its chewing slowed down.

Notes:

[^1]: The title of this chapter in Chinese is “大胜, 大剩”. Both are pronounced Dasheng, but they have different meanings – 大胜 means Great Victory while 大剩 means Great Leftovers. I will be using “Dasheng” for Great Victory and “Da Sheng” for Great Leftovers.

[^2]: Human relying on a monkey’s might – this appears to be a play on the phrase 狗仗人势 (dog relying on a person’s might) which refers to the idea of a dog (or small-time thug) relying on its owner (or boss) to do whatever it wants. If you’ve heard the phrase “before you beat the dog, look at its owner”, it’s the same sort of concept; basically, they’re saying Yuan Er is nothing without Dasheng.

