Chapter 585: I am not the murderer!

The situation took a sharp downturn!

The City Guards of White Paper Immortal City heavily surrounded the Quiet Whispers Pavillion.

The Pavillion's great array had already been activated; Sun and Ning could not escape into the void, becoming birds in a cage, turtles in a jar!

"Lady!!!" The City Guards burst into the pavilion, discovered Sang Le Youling's corpse, and couldn't help but cry out mournfully in unison.

"Impossible, this is fake."

"Lady Sang Le Youling was skilled in divination, how could she perish so easily?"

"Catch him, he is the murderer, the murderer who killed Lady Sang Le Youling!!"

Many people found it hard to believe, many were panic-stricken, and many were filled with hatred and anger, vowing to kill Ning Zhuo.

"I am not the murderer!! I am merely at Foundation Establishment, how could I kill a Golden Core cultivator, and someone like Lady Sang Le Youling?!" Ning Zhuo shouted loudly.

At this moment, his face was deathly pale, showing expressions of terror and anger. It was partly acting, partly a genuine display of emotion.

Heavens have mercy!

He was just about to take out the token, declare his true identity, and state his divination request. He had waited so hard for today's meeting time, never expecting that Sang Le Youling would actually be dead.

Clearly, she was fine this morning, continuously meeting with the male consorts awaiting promotion. After eating lunch, by the afternoon, it had come to this?!

The City Guards naturally wouldn't just stand by and watch because of Ning Zhuo's self-defense.

They rushed towards Ning Zhuo one after another.

Ning Zhuo took a step back, positioning himself directly beside Sang Le Youling's corpse: "Stop! Whoever approaches me, I will destroy her remains."

"Whoever among you wants to provoke me, bear the guilt of desecrating the corpse of a hero of White Paper Immortal City."

The City Guards immediately halted, looking at Ning Zhuo with a mixture of shock and anger, shouting curses at his immense audacity!

Ning Zhuo tilted his head back, laughed loudly, then his face filled with ferocity, and he spoke menacingly: "One way or another, I'm going to die, if you dare lay hands on me, slander me, then the worst that can happen to me is death, but i will drag you all down with me. I absolutely mean what I say!"

The City Guards were stunned, looking at each other, then immediately cursed loudly at Ning Zhuo, but ultimately, they did not advance.

Ning Zhuo, however, did not stop, instead pointing his finger at the crowd: "You bunch of idiots, why aren't you reporting upwards immediately. Sang Le Youling has been killed, the enemy will surely seize this opportunity to launch an offensive. Military intelligence is urgent like fire, if you delay even a step, ultimately leading to troubles both internal and external, the immortal city being breached, every single one of you will be sinners!"

As soon as Ning Zhuo's voice fell, several explosions were heard, flames rose from a corner of the city, and simultaneously, the area outside the city shook, accompanied by the sound of countless ghostly wails and wolf howls. It was evident that the ghost tide had risen again, launching a fierce attack on White Paper Immortal City.

The City Guards' faces changed colour one after another.

Ning Zhuo's words had come true too quickly!

And just from the sheer force of it, the intensity of the enemy's attack was unprecedented.

"What are you still standing stunned for? I couldn't escape before, do you think I can escape now? Compared to me, White Paper Immortal City is ten thousand times more important!" Ning Zhuo continued to curse angrily, "You bunch of idiots!!"

The City Guards wavered again.

Just then, a figure descended rapidly onto the scene: "Yellow-faced brat, shut up!"

The arrival was none other than Wen Ruanyu.

It turned out that this group of City Guards, upon discovering the fact of Sang Le Youling's death, had already reported it immediately at the first instance.

Wen Ruanyu burst into Pavillion of Quiet Whispers, his eyes fixed dead on Sang Le Youling's corpse, the last shred of hope remaining in his heart completely dissipating.

His expression became extremely gloomy, his gaze like sharp knife light, staring deadly at Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo placed one hand on Sang Le Youling's neck, immediately snorted coldly: "Lord Wen, I did not kill her!"

"Outside the city, you saw me. I was brought over by Commander Qing Yan, I am a local."

"But if you ignore all evidence and just determine that I am the murderer, then there is only one possibility - you are the spy! All the City Guards present, you can all bear witness!"

Wen Ruanyu's pupils shrank, his aura flared.

The City Guards were dumbfounded. Just moments ago Ning Zhuo was cursing them, now he suddenly wanted them to bear witness, acting like a complete ruffian.

But on second thought, hey, there was some truth to it.

Some City Guards began to secretly size up Wen Ruanyu.

Feeling these hidden gazes, Wen Ruanyu became so angry that killing intent permeated the air: "Lady Sang Le Youling has died, you were the closest person, you should have been interrogated under severe torture, yet now you dare to threaten me?"

Ning Zhuo shook his head, gave a bitter smile: "Lord Wen, I was also forced into this. If I had hesitated or flinched even slightly, I would have become a prisoner."

"I am not afraid of death, but I worry that when death approaches, I still haven't grasped my fate in my own hands."

"Besides, I am also a victim. Lady Sang Le Youling was truly not killed by me, my conscience is clear!"

"Lord Wen, I also advise you, don't be foolish."

"If you intend to extract a confession through torture, frame me as the murderer in a short time, seeking a scapegoat to stabilize the morale in the city, this will instead fall right into the enemy's calculations."

"Because as long as the enemy forces later actively reveal evidence of their actions, you will bear additional guilt, and once the entire Immortal City realizes that a high-ranking official like you was so easily deceived, the army's morale will inevitably suffer an even greater blow."

Wen Ruanyu's face was already as black as the bottom of a pot: "Sharp-tongued disciple. I won't make things difficult for you either, put this on yourself. If you really force me to act, the scene won't be so pleasant."

As he spoke, he threw out a Red Jade Sealed Talisman, shooting it towards Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo snorted coldly, spread his palm, revealing his natal artifact.

A flash of mirror light, and a massive figure appeared out of thin air.

It was precisely Heavy Armored Blood Ape · Dasheng!

Yuan Dasheng stood in front of Ning Zhuo, reaching out to catch the talisman.

In an instant, the City Guards gasped in low voices.

"A Golden Core level mechanical puppet!" Wen Ruanyu couldn't help but change expression, his vigilance greatly increased.

Pavillion of Quiet Whispers's great array was fully activated, confining the space, making it impossible for Ning Zhuo to escape into the void. But the space inside the pavilion was integrated and not suppressed.

This point, Ning Zhuo had also just discovered, and immediately released Yuan Dasheng.

However, very quickly, Yuan Dasheng's Golden Core aura was forcefully suppressed, directly dropping to the Foundation Establishment stage.

This was White Paper Immortal City, the entire city was under the influence of the city-protecting great array.

"Little Zhuo, there's no problem with the talisman." Within the Ten Thousand Li Traversing Dragon, Sun Lingtong used his Spirit Eye to observe, secretly sending a divine sense transmission.

Yuan Dasheng then handed the sealing talisman over to Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo glanced at it, put the sealing talisman into his bosom, showing no intention of sealing himself at all, but instead directly cupped his hands: "Many thanks to Lord Wen for bestowing the talisman."

Wen Ruanyu laughed out of extreme anger, finally losing patience.

Just as he was about to make a move, he heard a voice from behind: "Stop."

Wen Ruanyu and the City Guard soldiers all changed expression drastically, quickly turning around and bowing to the newcomer: "Paying respects to Lord City Lord!"

The White Paper Immortal City Lord's condition was very poor, always in a sealed state, how could she be out now?

Ning Zhuo was surprised and doubtful, looked up, and suddenly understood.

He saw the person who spoke was two zhang tall, face completely white, lips ink-black. A head of long hair, twisted from three thousand six hundred fine strands of snow xuan paper, hung down to the waist. The neck and shoulders were delicate bone structures supported by bamboo strips, and paper thin as cicada wings was stacked on the shoulders creating complex wrinkled patterns.

The plain white large skirt was densely covered with runes, and as the hemline dragged, it stirred up waves of cold yin energy.

And at the waist, tied with a section of red rope, was most eye-catching. At the end of the red rope hung a small bronze bell, yet it made no sound at all.

It was strikingly a magic treasure level paper human puppet!

The paper human puppet emanated a Nascent Soul level aura. Like a white cloud carrying rolling yin energy, she floated into Pavillion of Quiet Whispers.

She didn't even glance at Ning Zhuo, merely fixing her gaze on Sang Le Youling's corpse.

Although her face was expressionless, during her long pause, a thick emotion of sorrow and grief permeated the air.

"Little Le, I didn't expect you would perish during this time of internal and external troubles." The White Paper City Lord's paper avatar spoke softly.

The entire scene was silent, only the sounds of the ghost tide outside the city, and the sounds of bombing from the renewed turmoil within the city, occasionally reached here.

The paper avatar remained silent for a long moment, then finally looked up at Ning Zhuo: "My mood is very bad, I want to kill someone!"

"I give you three breaths of time to prove you have no connection to Sang Le Youling's death."

"After three breaths, you will accompany Little Le in death."

Ning Zhuo was horrified, cold sweat breaking out on his head.

He wanted to argue, but the paper avatar had already begun counting down: "Three."

"One."

Even Wen Ruanyu's heart jumped; the paper avatar didn't count two, skipping it directly, revealing her impatience and killing intent without reservation.

"Little Zhuo, I'll cover the rear, you go first!" Sun Lingtong's hair stood on end, about to rush out of the Ten Thousand Li Traversing Dragon.

Ning Zhuo's life hung by a thread, heart pounding with fear, he suddenly extended his palm: "I can prove it!"

In that short moment, his head was already covered in cold sweat.

Ning Zhuo stared deadly at the White Paper avatar: "We only need to cut open Lady Sang Le Youling's abdomen to prove my innocence."

Wen Ruanyu immediately shouted angrily: "Audacious! You still intend to desecrate Lady Sang Le Youling's corpse!"

The City Guards also became agitated, but constrained by the presence of the City Lord's avatar, they dared not speak out.

The White Paper avatar, however, fell into contemplation.

Suddenly, she extended a finger, and abruptly swiped.

Spiritual Energy like a knife directly cut open Sang Le Youling's belly, and also cut open the stomach along the way.

Seeing the large amount of residual spirit food in the stomach, Ning Zhuo's guarded heartstring relaxed slightly.

He cupped his hands and said: "Lord City Lord, Lady Sang Le Youling treated herself by consuming Nether Meals. And these Nether Meals are difficult to digest, and one cannot use magical power to aid digestion, otherwise eating them would be pointless."

"After lunch, according to the arrangement, I was the first male consort to have an audience with Lady Sang Le Youling."

"If I had killed Sang Le Youling, it must have been not long ago."

"But the undigested spirit food in Sang Le Youling's abdomen proves that she died earlier, not long after finishing the Nether Meal, she was attacked and killed!"

Everyone fell silent.

Everyone's gaze turned towards Sang Le Youling's corpse, then one by one, turned towards Ning Zhuo.

Sun Lingtong was delighted: "Little Zhuo, that makes sense!"

Wen Ruanyu frowned.

Ning Zhuo let out a turbid breath: "I had no time to commit the crime, because at that time, I was in the dining hall of Cang Yang Biefu, consuming Nether Meal on the spot. Many people witnessed this scene!"

The paper avatar snorted coldly, killing intent still lingering: "The deduction is not bad. However, you still cannot completely clear your suspicion. Who exactly are you?"