Chapter 59: Rise From the Bottom

In the main hall of the Lava Immortal Palace.

Roar!

Seeing Yuan Dasheng defeated, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit threw its head back in fury, slamming its dragon claws on the throne's armrest.

Although the ranking list didn’t show it clearly, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit knew that Yuan Dasheng’s demonic cultivation was at the ninth level, and paired perfectly with its innately powerful physical body.

However, what came into the immortal palace was only its soul, forced to possess a puppet rather than its true body. This puppet body had no blood energy, and wouldn’t be able to obtain any until it reached the Demon door beyond Room 9.

Once that happened, Yuan Dasheng would only need to exert a fraction of its true strength to soar unstoppably into the sky.

But the problem was, Ning Zhuo had blocked it!

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit had pinned its hopes on Ning Zhuo making a mistake during the battle.

But from beginning to end, Ning Zhuo never engaged Yuan Dasheng in close combat. This completely destroyed any sparks of hope the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit had.

And what angered the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit even more was the alias Ning Zhuo was using on the ranking list.

That name was just way too cunning!

Yuan Dasheng was tricked because of that.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit wanted nothing more than to claw those characters off.

But it couldn’t.

Three Schools Supreme Sage had strictly forbidden it from leaking even the slightest bit of information about the trial participants.

…

In Room 8.

Ning Zhuo began cleaning up the battlefield.

Although he’d won, he felt no joy.

This outcome was well within his expectations.

Currently, he wielded numerous spells and many matching mechanical components. Combined with an abundance of spirit stones supplying him with spiritual energy, his overall prowess far surpassed Yuan Dasheng.

He had also spent a long time observing Yuan Dasheng and had a clear idea of the ape’s speed, strength, and other specifics.

Rather than calling it an inevitable confrontation on a narrow path, it was more accurate to say that it had been a hunt!

“But no matter how many times I defeat it, it’ll always come back. It won’t truly die.”

Thus, this wasn’t a true solution.

Ning Zhuo had carefully examined Yuan Dasheng’s mechanical components, rushing to check things out before the Lava Immortal Palace had the chance to clean up the area.

During their battle, although Ning Zhuo had maintained utter dominance, he had also faced immense pressure. In his opinion, the ape was definitely hiding an innate talent.

And if there really was an innate talent, it might be reflected in the mechanical components.

For example, Ning Zhuo’s own Early Wisdom was reflected in his oversized head.

However, even after looking through the components several times, Ning Zhuo didn’t find anything suspicious.

Although each component was rather large, they were well-proportioned when compared to the others. Nothing really stood out.

“Is it like Meng Chong’s Ferocious Rushing Thunder? A talent that only reveals itself upon activation?

“No, if it could be activated, Yuan Dasheng would have used it during the battle.

“Is it restricted because of the puppet body? Or maybe some other reason?”

Ning Zhuo sighed.

This search yielded no results.

Soon, he left Room 8, quickly moving to reset his traps.

He froze the kung fu puppets along the way and brought them to the maintenance room, placing them on the various mechanism pedestals and using all sorts of mechanical tools to repair and upgrade them.

After confirming that the traps were all ready, Ning Zhuo returned to the transit hall.

Right now, the furthest he had gone was Dao Room 1 and Demon Room 1. He hadn’t entered the Buddha door yet.

After entering Dao Room 1, he activated his trial disciple imprint and voluntarily exited the immortal palace.

Yuan Dasheng was capable of reaching Room 7 in one go, so others might be able to as well.

That was why Ning Zhuo exited from the deepest room possible to minimize the chances of exposing himself.

Ning Zhuo was a cautious person who paid close attention to details. He didn’t want to lose big due to a small slip-up.

After returning to his physical body, Ning Zhuo resumed studying up on the Monkey Head Gang and Yuan Dasheng.

According to the reports, Yuan Yi was someone with poor talent and low status, once making a living through begging.

He was strong-armed into joining the Beggar Gang and became cannon fodder to explore the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern.

During one exploration, he encountered an infant Molten Flame Demonic Ape covered in injuries.

Yuan Yi brought the infant ape out of the volcano and formed a contract with it.

That infant ape later became Yuan Dasheng.

At first, Yuan Yi had named it Da Sheng. For a long time, the two relied on each other to barely scrape by.

As the Molten Flame Demonic Ape gradually matured and grew stronger, their situation began to improve.

They first broke away from the Beggar Gang and then made a living in the beast fighting arena. Da Sheng survived countless brutal matches, and gradually made a name for itself.

But soon enough, the authorities cracked down on black market beast fighting. Yuan Yi and Da Sheng lost their means of survival again.

The Beggar Gang came after them and laid down a trap for Yuan Yi.

Yuan Yi and Da Sheng ended up imprisoned, hitting rock bottom. But there, they teamed up with their fellow inmates and broke out of the Beggar Gang’s private jail. After several days of bloody fighting, they finally overthrew the Beggar Gang.

After the battle, Yuan Yi was recognized for his contributions and was chosen as the leader.

He took the chance to reorganize the group and establish the Monkey Head Gang.

When it was first founded, the Monkey Head Gang faced joint suppression from other gangs in Fire Persimmon City, teetering on the edge of collapse multiple times. It was thanks to Da Sheng’s relentless fighting that they secured a foothold and gradually expanded.

During this bloodsoaked rise to power, the name Da Sheng – “Great Leftovers” – faded, and more and more people honored the ape as Dasheng – “Great Victory”. For the sake of the gang’s reputation, Yuan Yi gave it his own surname, and thus, Da Sheng became Yuan Dasheng.

“This is what it means to rise from the bottom — a hero who built an empire through fire and blood!”

Ning Zhuo carefully analyzed Da Sheng’s win rate during its beast fighting days and its key battles in later gang conflicts.

“It won some and lost some. But looking at the overall win rate… it’s very suspicious.

“Its win rate is too high. That means it must be hiding some kind of powerful trump card!”

Those who rose up from the bottom and constantly faced danger often had a hard time keeping their trump cards hidden.

But Yuan Dasheng managed to do it.

From this fact alone, it was obvious that its hidden trump card was extremely significant!

“It most likely has an innate talent. I just wasn’t able to draw it out during the battle.”

Ning Zhuo frowned deeply, racking his brains with no solution in sight.

The underground workshop was deathly silent, the atmosphere heavy with pressure.

Yuan Dasheng was strong enough on its own to threaten overtaking Ning Zhuo’s lead. But even more terrifying than that was the potential it had to foil Ning Zhuo’s plans.

Once Yuan Dasheng was exposed, how would the four major forces respond? These righteous path factions would all do the same thing – coerce, entice, and take any action necessary to make Yuan Dasheng serve them!

With such a powerful weapon, any of the four forces would immediately gain the upper hand and maybe even become the final winner of the competition over the Lava Immortal Palace.

As for the matter of Yuan Dasheng cultivating a demonic technique? That was nothing at all.

How many demonic cultivators were in the pockets of righteous path factions?

Sometimes, righteous cultivators would even disguise themselves as demonic cultivators when they needed to do things unfitting for member of the righteous path.

Moreover, Yuan Dasheng would be very easy to manipulate.

The Monkey Head Gang and Yuan Er were both glaring weaknesses.

If an alliance formed between Yuan Dasheng and one of the four forces, Ning Zhuo’s defeat would be all but guaranteed.

It was easy for him to predict the subsequent developments.

Once a righteous path faction joined forces with Yuan Dasheng, they would sweep through the traps and easily surpass Ning Zhuo. In the end, they would become the owners of the Lava Immortal Palace and gain access to the records. They would uncover Ning Zhuo’s past actions, hunt him down, and rip out the Buddha Heart Demon Seal!

