Chapter 6: I, Ning Zhuo, am Merely Ordinary

Feeling suspicious, Chen Cha asked Ning Zhuo a few subtly chosen questions about the mechanical monkey. There were many aspects involved in these questions, and only the true creator would be able to answer them.

Naturally, Ning Zhuo didn’t have any problems.

After talking for a bit, Chen Cha no longer had any doubts. All he felt was shock: “Could it be that he really did design and manufacture this mechanical monkey himself?

“Isn’t he a disciple of the Ning Clan? The Ning Clan specializes in talismans. When did their mechanical arts become so good, to raise a genius like this?

“If he continues to grow, this child will certainly become a great figure in the future!”

Chen Cha looked at Ning Zhuo in a completely new light. Full of interest, he couldn’t help asking a few more questions.

Ning Zhuo said, “This junior has already left the academy after this year’s graduation exam. Senior, you have a keen eye; I’ve indeed always had a personal interest in mechanical arts. That’s why I’ve collected many books and studied in private; it has nothing to do with the Ning Clan’s academy.”

Chen Cha stroked his beard and deliberately said, “Among the hundred arts of cultivation, the top four are alchemy, artifact refining, talisman crafting, and formation arrangement. Mechanical arts ranks at the bottom of the hundred arts, a niche among niches. Why do you like this subject so much?”

Ning Zhuo’s thoughts turned, and he realized that the critical moment had arrived!

When he came to contact Chen Cha this time, bringing out the mechanical monkey was only part of his plan.

After pondering for a moment, his expression turned solemn: “This junior believes that the term ‘cultivation[^1]’ refers to cultivating the truths of heaven and earth. The so-called hundred arts of cultivation, as applications of these truths, are essentially just tools.

“Alchemy is a tool, artifacts such as flying swords are also tools, and talismans and formations are tools as well.

“Using these tools makes cultivation more convenient and increases our success rate in various endeavors.

“And the pinnacle of these tools is mechanical arts!

“A new mechanical material is created through alchemical methods. The structure of a mechanical construct is informed by artifact refining methods. The formations and talismans on the mechanical construct also involve the skills of formation arrangement and talisman creation.

“An outstanding mechanical construct requires the clever combination of many arts of cultivation.”

Speaking to this point, Ning Zhuo paused: “As for why mechanical arts occupies the bottom ranking of the hundred arts and is considered a niche discipline, it’s because the criteria to learn and master it are the highest of all!

“On the one hand, crafting a mechanical construct requires you to master many arts of cultivation. Alchemy, artifact refining, talisman crafting, and formation arrangement are just the start. After mastering these, you still have to pick and choose combinations of countless materials and methods.

“On the other hand, designing a mechanical construct is even more difficult. It’s a severe test of your knowledge, talent, creativity, and insight. A good blueprint may take more than ten years to complete, and during those ten years, it’s not uncommon to be stuck on one problem for a long time.

“Only an outstanding blueprint can produce an outstanding mechanical construct.”

Listening to Ning Zhuo’s remarks, Chen Cha leaned back slightly. His eyes shone as he looked the boy in front of him up and down, and he couldn’t help but applaud: “Well said, well said!”

His attitude toward Ning Zhuo changed yet again.

From his previous appreciation and interest, he now felt a connection between fellow tradesmen!

Human relationships were curious things. Some people could live together day and night and be nothing more than familiar strangers, while others could find their thoughts resonating even when talking to each other for the first time.

As Chen Cha and Ning Zhuo got along better and better, the way they addressed each other changed very naturally. Chen Cha affectionately called Ning Zhuo “Little Zhuo”, and Ning Zhuo began calling the former “Old Chen”.

When Ning Zhuo brought up the issue he was facing, Chen Cha pondered for a moment before offering three plans.

Normally, he would only give a single plan. But with Ning Zhuo, he didn’t hold anything back.

Ning Zhuo immediately brought up numerous questions after hearing these three plans. As for Chen Cha, he enthusiastically answered all of Ning Zhuo’s questions without thinking about his consultation fees at all.

Ning Zhuo continued making suggestions and modifying the three plans, and Chen Cha happily immersed himself in the discussion.

As they chatted, the two quickly improved and optimized a chosen plan. In the end, they decided to add blood to the explosive fire monkey and have the blood carry a dynamic formation to stabilize the structure. At the same time, the blood could evaporate to dissipate heat, improving the monkey’s heat resistance even more.

Chen Cha concluded, “Based on my many years of experience, once this explosive fire monkey hits the market, it’ll be an instantaneous hit.

“Little Zhuo, how about handing this mechanical construct over to my Flying Disk Workshop?

“How many explosive fire monkeys could you produce by yourself? If you want to sell in bulk, you’ll have to entrust a workshop to manufacture them for you.

“My Flying Disk Workshop has enough cultivators and materials to meet your manufacturing needs.

“Plus, I’ve been operating in Fire Persimmon Immortal City for decades already. I have many sales channels, and even some connections with the City Lord Mansion.

“On the one hand, I can rely on my connections to avoid a certain level of taxes, increasing the profit.

“On the other, this will also serve as a kind of protection. Once your explosive fire monkey appears on the market, it will seriously infringe on the interests of the Monkey Head Gang.

“This gang specializes in raising spirit monkeys, and their main business is using these monkeys to pick the explosive fire persimmons.

“We need to prepare for them ahead of time.”

Ning Zhuo blinked and pretended to hesitate: "This…"

Chen Cha smiled and said sincerely: "Little Zhuo, I won’t lie to you. This is also something that’s very beneficial to me.

“It’s been many years, but my Flying Disk Workshop still hasn’t produced any famous creations. Your explosive fire monkey perfectly suits my needs.

“As long as the explosive fire monkey sells well, my Flying Disk Workshop’s fame will grow, and business will be better and better.

“Thus, I will only take 30% of the profits from the sales of the explosive fire monkey. Moreover, I’ll bear all the costs of production myself!”

Ning Zhuo shook his head: “Old Chen, I can feel your sincerity, but…”

Chen Cha stroked his beard: “Indeed, a big matter like this needs to be considered carefully. Little Zhuo, maybe you’re thinking of asking your clan. But although the Ning Clan is a major cultivation clan, its influence in the mechanics industry isn’t all that. If you rely on your clan for this matter, they might even just outsource it to a different mechanical workshop.

“Little Zhuo, I’m telling the truth. If you’re curious, you can go ask around yourself!”

Ning Zhuo waved his hand: “Old Chen, my parents died when I was young, and from then on I lived with my aunt and uncle. Now that I’ve graduated from the academy, I’ve left their house and am living on my own.

“I can make my own decisions on these matters. Not once have I considered handing this mechanical construct over to the Ning Clan.

“It’s just… I have one small request.”

Chen Cha: “Oh? Tell me.”

Ning Zhuo: “I want to join your workshop to gain experience. I also want to ask for your advice; there are too many questions that I haven’t been able to find answers for. As for the consultation fees, you can deduct them from my share of the explosive fire monkey’s profits. How’s that?”

Chen Cha laughed: “Little Zhuo, it’s my Flying Disk Workshop’s fortune if you want to join us. Welcome!

“With your talent, you can become the deputy workshop owner right away.”

Ning Zhuo quickly shook his head: “That won’t do! I am but an inexperienced boy of the Ning Clan who still has much to learn. With my ability, how could I be the deputy workshop master?”

“Ordinary? You’re too humble!” Chen Cha shook his head and sighed. Internally, he thought that this kind of modesty must be a tradition of the Ning Clan.

However, these were Ning Zhuo’s true thoughts!

He fully agreed with Chen Cha’s previous criticisms.

“The reason for Old Chen’s kindness and praise must be because of the consultation and the profits from my mechanical constructs.

“I’m still a beginner when it comes to mechanical arts. The secret records that my mother left behind have many mechanisms that I still can’t fully understand.

“Even for the explosive fire monkey, it took several years and many setbacks before reaching the current state. In the end, I had to come ask Old Chen for advice in order to complete it.

“I still need to learn more about mechanical arts.”

Ning Zhuo didn’t realize that Chen Cha’s words of praise weren’t exaggerated in the slightest, and instead based on years of real-life experience. His appreciation for the young man was completely genuine.

On the one hand, Ning Zhuo had been hiding himself, never communicating deeply with like-minded fellows until today. Thus, he didn’t know just how extraordinary his skills were.

On the other, Ning Zhuo’s mother’s dying words had led him to always be cautious. In order to conceal himself better, he always maintained a humble mentality.

Even if he achieved some success, he would find ways to criticize himself and track down all sorts of shortcomings, ensuring that he would never grow arrogant and complacent.

For the past fourteen years, he continuously told himself: I am ordinary and mediocre. No matter what I’ve done, others could have done it too. I still need to work hard and never slack off…

Over time, these thoughts ingrained in him a deeply humble attitude and blinded him to his own excellence. From the bottom of his heart, he considered himself a mediocre person who still had much to learn.

But the explosive fire monkey was a mechanical construct that Chen Cha could only dream of inventing even after so many years!

After reaching an agreement with Ning Zhuo, Chen Cha called upon the full might of his workshop. He produced more than 20 mechanical monkeys in a single day and sent them to the market for sale.

That night, Ning Zhuo put the explosive fire monkey with the added dynamic formation into the furnace and conducted another heat test.

“It should be a success this time.” Ning Zhuo was quite confident.

Then, his gaze grew thoughtful: “Chen Cha…”

Ning Zhuo had spent several years investigating Chen Cha and understood his character well.

Just as Chen Cha had a high opinion of Ning Zhuo, Ning Zhuo also had a high opinion of Chen Cha.

“If there are no problems with the explosive fire monkey, the next step is figuring out how to get into the Lava Immortal Palace.”

The Lava Immortal Palace was hidden inside Fire Persimmon Mountain, covered in thick lava. Thus, the first thing Ning Zhuo needed to do was reach the interior of Fire Persimmon Mountain.

In fact, there was a clear path to doing so. First, he had to ascend Fire Persimmon Mountain, then dig down into the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern. After going through a maze of thousands of tunnels, he would eventually reach the location of the Lava Immortal Palace.

“But if a problem occurs in the Lava Immortal Palace right after my first expedition, it will be too conspicuous.

“Moreover, I’ve never entered the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern for all these years. It’s a bit abrupt to suddenly want to go.

“I need to find a cover.”

At this point, Ning Zhuo thought of his uncle, Ning Ze.

A plan started to take shape in his mind.

Notes:

[^1]: The term “cultivation” here is 修真, literally “cultivating truth”. Some other common variants are 修炼 (refining cultivation), 修仙 (cultivating immortality), or 修行 (doing cultivation)

