Chapter 60: Too Many Traces

Then, could Ning Zhuo himself go recruit Yuan Dasheng?

The probability of success was practically zero.

The four major forces could pressure others with their influence, but Ning Zhuo couldn’t. He was only at the third level of Qi Refining, and had no voice in the Ning Clan.

The Monkey Head Gang already had nearly ten Foundation Establishment cultivators, as well as a powerhouse like Yuan Dasheng. Why would they want to come under Ning Zhuo?

Then, could he form a partnership instead?

It was the same logic. A small fry like Ning Zhuo had no qualifications to negotiate any sort of partnership with the Monkey Head Gang or Yuan Dasheng.

Should he reveal the Buddha Heart Demon Seal and show off his real strength?

In Ning Zhuo’s eyes, that would be an unbelievably stupid move.

The moment he did so, he’d be betting his life on someone else’s kindness.

The Monkey Head Gang, kind? Yuan Dasheng, kind?

A gang that put profit above all else, and a battle-hardened ape who rose up from the bottom – would they be kind?

All their info was in Ning Zhuo’s hands.

The life story of Yuan Yi and Yuan Dasheng might be considered inspiring, but that didn’t mean they were kind! In fact, it was much more likely to be the opposite.

For Ning Zhuo, the current situation was extremely dangerous.

It was like walking on the edge of a cliff; one wrong step, and he’d plummet into the abyss.

“I have to secretly get rid of Yuan Dasheng!”

This was the only solution Ning Zhuo could think of.

But how could he do so?

…

In the Zheng Clan.

Two Golden Core cultivators appeared together to welcome Zhu Xuanji.

Chi Dun was there too.

At the moment, Zhu Xuanji was examining a medicine bottle in his hand.

The bottle was nearly transparent, revealing curling black smoke inside.

Golden light flickered in Zhu Xuanji’s eyes for a moment. “This is made from fire poison.”

Although the black shadow demonic cultivator had escaped Zheng Shuanggou’s hands, the Zheng Clan ancestor had still managed to gather a few things. For example, this strange black smoke, which had sealed off divine sense during the battle and caused Zheng Shuanggou a lot of trouble.

Zheng Shuanggou had absorbed some of it and stored the rest, all for the sake of researching it and figuring out a way to counter it during the next confrontation.

When Zhu Xuanji arrived, Zheng Shuanggou naturally didn’t dare hide anything and directly handed it over.

Zheng Shuanggou said, “More specifically, this is Furious Heart Fire Poison.

“Five years ago, a Golden Core cultivator from the Holy Ape Sect came to Fire Persimmon Immortal City. During that time, his cultivation went awry and his soul fused with his spirit pet, a Furious Heart Ape.

“We worked together to kill it inside the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern. But before dying, the fused Furious Heart Ape caused a massive disturbance within Fire Persimmon Mountain.

“Monster beasts, spirit plants, earth energy, lava, fire poison, baleful energy, and plenty of other things were all tainted by its fury and underwent varying degrees of mutation.”

Zhu Xuanji nodded slightly and set the bottle down.

He had looked at quite a few things since arriving, but to no avail.

“It seems I’ll have to personally make a trip into Fire Persimmon Mountain,” Zhu Xuanji said. “Fellow Daoist Zheng Shuanggou, please bring me to the site of the previous battle.”

Zheng Shuanggou looked troubled. “Uh… Divine Investigator Zhu, is that really necessary?

“The Lava Immortal Palace has already emerged, and the former Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern has been destroyed. Although it’s in the process of regenerating, the newly born tunnels and caves aren’t very stable.

“Especially since the Lava Immortal Palace is still erupting from time to time; the mountain shakes with every eruption and surges of lava destroy most of the new tunnels.

“If we’re going, we’ll need to dig our own path. Plus, we’ll be facing endless heat and lava, and the native monster beasts won’t leave us alone, either.”

Zhu Xuanji said, “No matter how hard it is, I must see things for myself. Fellow Daoist Chi Dun will assist me.”

Chi Dun furrowed his brows but still nodded.

Zheng Shuanggou let out a sigh. As one of the parties involved, he couldn’t dodge responsibility. Thus, he gritted his teeth and said, “Alright, I’ll accompany Divine Investigator Zhu on this journey.”

…

Ning Zhuo went to meet Sun Lingtong.

“This is the latest intel on the Monkey Head Gang and Yuan Dasheng that you asked for.” Sun Lingtong tossed a jade slip to Ning Zhuo, who was disguised as Hanging-Hair Traveler once again.

Ning Zhuo replied in a hoarse voice: “Thank you.

“I still need more monkeys. Keep buying up the wild monkeys, and also keep hiring people. The more the Monkey Head Gang’s monkey pets die, the more I’ll pay.” Ning Zhuo threw over a storage pouch filled to the brim with spirit stones.

“Got it.” Sun Lingtong grinned. “Brother, you’re doing great!

“Right now, the whole Monkey Head Gang is panicking.

“Picking fire persimmons is an insanely profitable business. Once you replace the Monkey Head Gang, you’ll be making a killing every year.

“Striking first to take the advantage – this is exactly my kind of move. Let me tell you, you really would fit right in at the Spaceless Sect.”

Ning Zhuo shook his head slightly without a trace of joy on his face. “As long as Yuan Dasheng is still alive, we can’t underestimate the Monkey Head Gang.”

A cold glint flashed in the baby-faced Sun Lingtong’s eyes. He raised a chubby hand and made a chopping motion. “If you ask me, we should just bring in a couple demonic cultivators and make a move together. Find Yuan Dasheng when it’s alone and take it out, you know?”

“We can’t rush this!” Ning Zhuo immediately shook his head. “Yuan Dasheng is a veteran warrior and far from simple. All clues point to it hiding a powerful trump card.”

Sun Lingtong puffed out his chest and spoke boldly. “If we don’t try, how can we know? We can just send in some cannon fodder demonic cultivator – even if they fail, it might force Yuan Dasheng to reveal its trump card.”

Ning Zhuo’s brows furrowed tightly. Sun Lingtong’s attitude gave him an uneasy feeling.

“If it were so easy to force out its trump card, then why hasn’t anyone succeeded in all these years?

“Let me tell you something. This is verified intel.

“On the surface, Yuan Dasheng doesn’t have any cultivation, but in reality, it’s cultivated a demonic technique, and its cultivation base definitely isn’t low!”

Sun Lingtong was instantly shaken.

Yuan Dasheng was a Molten Flame Demonic Ape, famous for their strength in close combat. If it also had a demonic technique, its battle prowess would multiply by at least tenfold.

“Also, the Monkey Head Gang has received Fei Si’s permission to participate in the Fire Persimmon Festival. If our actions are too blatant, the City Lord Mansion will probably be the first to come clean us up,” Ning Zhuo continued.

Sun Lingtong smacked his lips and waved a hand. "Forget it, then."

But he didn’t expect Ning Zhuo to say, “We won’t go after Yuan Dasheng, but we can make an assassination attempt on Yuan Er. Prior to the assassination, be sure to send him a warning letter. Also, we can’t let the attempt succeed.”

Sun Lingtong’s eyes shifted slyly. "Brother, what are you planning now?"

….

Inside Fire Persimmon Mountain.

“Hurry up, I can’t hold on much longer!” Zheng Shuanggou was doing everything he could to maintain a temporary tunnel.

Chi Dun was covered in blood as he silently warded off furious monster beasts.

"Just a bit longer. Bear with it." Zhu Xuanji’s eyes blazed with golden light as he formed hand seals nonstop.

Zheng Shuanggou nearly coughed up blood. Zhu Xuanji had already said the same thing half an incense stick’s worth of time ago.

As for Chi Dun, he actually did cough up blood, exposing a flaw.

A fire snake noticed this and immediately rammed forward with its horn.

This fire snake was almost a fire flood dragon, with an imposing horn atop its head. If it struck Chi Dun, he would be seriously injured and could even die on the spot.

But the next moment, Zhu Xuanji finally finished what he was doing. He then activated a talisman and escaped in a ray of light along with the two other Golden Core cultivators.

Just a few breaths later, the three of them flew out of the volcano.

"Safe!" Zheng Shuanggou let out a long breath.

Chi Dun silently began healing himself.

Zheng Shuanggou looked at Zhu Xuanji. “Divine Investigator Zhu, any gains?”

Zhu Xuanji revealed a faint smile. “Yes, huge gains. I used the Root Tracking Origin Tracing Incantation and saw that the immortal palace was bombarded by a thousand jin of fire essence. The one that released the fire essence was a mechanical monkey.

“Once I return to Fire Persimmon Immortal City and use the Root Tracking Origin Tracing Incantation again, I will be able to find all related persons and objects. The culprit’s capture is close at hand.”

Zheng Shuanggou and Chi Dun both looked over in shock.

Zhu Xuanji gazed up at the sky. “Under my Golden Pupils[^1], the true culprit has nowhere to hide!”

Moments later.

After activating the Root Tracking Origin Tracing Incantation and his Golden Pupils innate talent, Zhu Xuanji found himself staring blankly at the city. In his special vision, he saw mechanical monkeys glowing in red light scattered all over...

"Divine Investigator Zhu, why aren’t we moving?" Zheng Shuanggou was confused.

Zhu Xuanji: …

Notes:

[^1]: Golden Pupils – Some translations online call this “Heaven-Piercing Eyes”, but that’s incorrect; the raw is 金睛, literally “gold” + “pupil”, and it’s a direct reference to Sun Wukong’s Fiery Eyes, Golden Pupils (check Chapter 36’s notes for more info).

