Chapter 61: Interrogating Chen Cha

After a moment of silence, Zhu Xuanji chuckled lightly and steadied his emotions. “Interesting.”

Then he asked, “Where did these mechanical monkeys come from?”

Zheng Shuanggou immediately frowned, somewhat in disbelief. “Sir Zhu, you mean to say that the black shadow demonic cultivator used these mechanical monkeys to bomb the immortal palace?”

“I know about them,” Chi Dun spoke up in a low voice.

He really did know quite a lot.

After all, when Fei Si introduced the mechanical monkey to the City Lord back then, he had been standing right there.

Chi Dun gave a brief explanation to Zhu Xuanji.

Zhu Xuanji nodded slightly and said, “Take me to the Flying Disk Workshop.”

…

In the Flying Disk Workshop.

Chen Cha handed over a large batch of spirit stones to Ning Zhuo, saying, “Brother Ning, this is your share of the recent profits.”

Seven or eight storage pouches were placed in front of Ning Zhuo, each one filled to the brim with spirit stones.

Back then, when Chen Cha and Ning Zhuo set the terms for their partnership, Chen Cha only took thirty percent of the profits. The remaining seventy percent belonged to Ning Zhuo, and Ning Zhuo also didn’t need to pay for any of the raw materials.

The mechanical explosive fire monkey was extremely popular. Every mechanical workshop in the city was working day and night at full capacity, but there still wasn’t enough to meet demand.

This wasn’t the first time Ning Zhuo had received his share of profits.

Since privately requesting for Ning Zhuo to let him be credited as the inventor of the explosive fire monkey last time, Chen Cha had been deeply ashamed and avoided facing Ning Zhuo.

Thus, even though he knew that Ning Zhuo’s proficiency in mechanical arts was exceptional, he never invited him to the workshop to participate in production.

They only ever met when it was time to hand over profits.

But this time, Ning Zhuo had a different purpose for visiting.

“Old Chen, I came this time with another important matter.”

Chen Cha was briefly stunned, then said, “Don’t call me Old Chen. Brother Ning, please speak freely—this old man will do everything he can to help!”

Ning Zhuo then took out a mechanical monkey and placed it in front of Chen Cha.

The familiar sight made Chen Cha pause again.

“Old Chen, take a look at this.

“Recently, I’ve been busy cultivating the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation. When I heard that there’s still a ways to go before fulfilling demand for the mechanical monkeys, I thought of a way to increase production.”

Chen Cha sighed. “This year’s situation is too unusual.

“In past Fire Persimmon Festivals, only a small portion of the fire persimmons needed to be picked. The Monkey Head Gang could handle most of it by themselves.

“But this year, a Golden Core stage black shadow demonic cultivator sneaked in. The City Lord Mansion is wary of them and ordered for us to harvest all the fire persimmons before dealing with the black shadow demonic cultivator to minimize any losses.”

At this point, Chen Cha started inspecting the mechanism monkey.

When the time was right, Ning Zhuo added, “I adjusted some material ratios, mainly in the muscles...”

As he listened and examined, Chen Cha’s face turned more and more serious.

He looked up and gave Ning Zhuo a deep look. If not for his overwhelming sense of guilt, he might have already stormed off or berated him on the spot.

Chen Cha took a deep breath, his face filling with complex emotions as he advised, “Brother Ning, this is just cutting corners.

“This latest design has simplified the manufacturing process and indeed reduces the workload. But the resulting mechanical monkey is far inferior to before.

“Not only is it more likely to break during use, but the muscles will melt at even the slightest exposure to heat.

“Last time, wasn’t it precisely for this issue of melting muscles that you came to consult me?”

Ning Zhuo just smiled. “Old Chen, that’s exactly the essence of my improvement!

“Think about it. How long can we keep selling these mechanical monkeys?

“After this year, there will be way too many explosive fire monkeys on the market. How many more can we sell next year?

“In business, you have to think long-term.

“These new explosive fire monkeys will break down quickly, so the people who need them will keep coming back for more.”

Chen Cha’s face grew darker. “I don’t agree with this way of thinking. You can’t produce mechanisms like this. You have to prioritize quality and build your reputation to earn repeat customers.

“We aren’t the only ones who can make explosive fire monkeys. Eventually, others will imitate us. If we sell this sort of low-quality product, they’ll swoop in and snatch the market from us.”

Ning Zhuo laughed casually. “Old Chen, given your relationship with Sir Fei Si, are you really scared of competition?”

Just as he was about to continue speaking, a voice suddenly rang out, “Oh? Chen Cha, what’s your relationship with Fei Si?”

“Who’s there?!” Chen Cha immediately stood up.

Ning Zhuo’s expression changed as well. He stood shoulder to shoulder with Chen Cha, both on high alert.

The next moment, Zhu Xuanji pushed open the door, with Chi Dun and Zheng Shuanggou following close behind.

Chen Cha and Ning Zhuo were both shocked and hurriedly offered greetings.

They recognized Chi Dun and Zheng Shuanggou but didn’t know who Zhu Xuanji was.

Zhu Xuanji held up his waist token and introduced himself. “I am Zhu Xuanji of the Divine Investigation Bureau and Southern Bean royal family. I am here to investigate the cause of the Lava Immortal Palace’s emergence.

“I ask you this: was the emergence of the immortal palace your doing?”

Zhu Xuanji stared intently at Chen Cha, golden light flashing in his eyes.

Chen Cha was completely stunned by the question!

Two breaths later, he finally came to his senses and gave a bitter smile. “What qualification do I have to be involved in the emergence of the immortal palace?”

Zhu Xuanji frowned slightly. He could sense that Chen Cha wasn’t lying.

So he asked again, “What was the process of designing the explosive fire monkey? How did you produce and sell them? Tell me everything.”

“This…” Chen Cha hesitated for a moment, then braced himself and began speaking slowly.

He hadn’t spoken for more than a few moments before Zhu Xuanji interrupted him. “You’re lying!”

The next moment, golden light erupted from Zhu Xuanji's eyes, and a Golden Core-level aura burst out violently, enveloping Chen Cha and forcing him to the ground.

“How dare you, Chen Cha! You’re still trying to hide the truth in front of a divine investigator?!” Zheng Shuanggou shouted sternly.

Chi Dun’s expression was like iron. “Confess everything, or we’ll consider you an accomplice of the black shadow demonic cultivator!”

Chen Cha was so frightened that his face turned pale, and his whole body trembled uncontrollably.

“Three sirs, please wait! Forgive my interruption; there’s more to this matter, and it’s somewhat related to me as well,” Ning Zhuo hurriedly said.

“Oh?” In that instant, all three Golden Core cultivators turned their gazes on him.

Zhu Xuanji said with deep meaning, “I was planning on interrogating you once I was done with Chen Cha. But since you want to speak up now, then go ahead. Perhaps you can still atone for your crimes.”

In his special vision, both Chen Cha and Ning Zhuo appeared red, nearly black.

Ning Zhuo was an even darker shade of red than Chen Cha.

Feeling tremendous pressure, Ning Zhuo grit his teeth and spoke. “Old Chen and I have both signed a contract. If we say too much, we’ll suffer backlash!

“Sir Fei Si should know about it.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Ning Zhuo’s complexion turned white, and blood flowed from both nostrils. Clearly, this was part of the backlash he had just mentioned.

When he heard the name “Fei Si”, Zhu Xuanji raised an eyebrow slightly and glanced at Chi Dun. “Interesting.”

Chi Dun immediately said, “I’ll go report this to Sir City Lord at once.”

“No need. I’m already here.” Fei Si’s voice came from outside the door.

