Chapter 64: We Must Fight Our Way Up

In the Monkey Head Gang’s headquarters.

Yuan Er glared angrily at the messenger. “What did you just say? You want me to hand over the monkey corpses? You’re going to give them to that Flying Disk Workshop for refining?!”

He was so infuriated that his hair was standing on end. His eyes were blood-red, and when he opened his mouth to shout, it almost seemed like he was ready to eat someone alive.

The messenger’s face was expressionless. “This is Sir Fei Si’s demand. Your Monkey Head Gang is far too disappointing. With all these dead monkey pets, how can you possibly live up to Sir Fei Si’s expectations?

“It’s better to make good use of these monkey corpses to create more mechanical monkeys.

“This year’s Fire Persimmon Festival is no ordinary event! Even Sir City Lord will be watching. You have to look at the bigger picture.”

The mention of the “bigger picture” caused Yuan Er to instantly go pale.

Gritting his teeth, he said, “I… I need to think this over…”

The messenger interrupted him, saying, “There’s no need to think. Just follow the demand. This is an order!”

He then glanced to the side, noticing Yuan Dasheng sitting like a crouching tiger. His pupils contracted slightly, and his tone softened. “Well, I do understand your difficulties. I’ll give you some time to come to terms with it.

“I’ll be waiting outside the door. Don’t pin your hopes on me leaving empty-handed.

“It’s best if you can adjust your mindset quickly.”

The messenger left the room and shut the door.

After he left, Yuan Er grabbed any objects in reach and smashed them violently on the ground.

The loud crashing wasn’t stopped by the door. Hearing it from outside, the messenger only sneered faintly.

“Absolutely outrageous!” Yuan Er roared. “It’s the Flying Disk Workshop, it’s definitely them! They’re the ones buying up wild monkeys, the ones posting bounties, the ones hiring demonic cultivators to kill our monkey pets. They’re the ones who tried to assassinate me!

“They’ve set their sights on the business of harvesting fire persimmons. They want to completely uproot our Monkey Head Gang!”

Yuan Er’s roaring gradually gave way to a plaintive wail.

Yuan Dasheng remained calm.

It had been living with Yuan Er ever since the assassination attempt.

To prevent its soul from being drawn into the palace, it regularly harmed itself. This was its own speculation on how it could avoid triggering the soul-guiding mechanism.

Looking at Yuan Er, Yuan Dasheng felt as if it had returned to the past.

There was a time Yuan Yi had been ambushed and suffered grave injuries.

The attacker hadn’t concealed their name, nor had they held anything back in their words. “A beggar like you dares to dream of marrying my family’s young miss? Hah!

“Give up on that dream.

“Let me be honest with you—I was sent by the young miss herself.

“Remember this lesson. Stop dreaming, go take a piss, and have a look at your own face.”

Seeing Yuan Yi barely breathing on the bed, Yuan Dasheng had flown into a rage and wanted to charge out to fight the enemy to the death.

But Yuan Yi had grabbed it tightly. “Da Sheng, Da Sheng! Calm down.

“Anger won’t solve anything!!

“I’m determined to marry that Young Miss Zhang. Only a marriage will serve as a strong enough foothold for us to ally with her father’s gang.

“Even if I’m humiliated, even if I’m injured in an ambush, I have to pretend that none of it ever happened.”

Yuan Dasheng had stared at Yuan Yi, furiously shaken him off, and started smashing everything within reach. The intensity of its rage had caused the air itself to ripple.

Yuan Yi had merely leaned against the wall, panting heavily as the bandages on his body seeped fresh blood.

After waiting for Yuan Dasheng to calm down a little, he had walked back over and placed a hand on its shoulder, saying, “Da Sheng, I know you’re angry. I know that me being humiliated makes you even angrier than if you had been humiliated yourself.

“But listen to me, listen…

“It’s not a disgrace to be born into poverty. Being able to bend and stretch is what makes a real man!

“I’m going to marry that woman. Her father already plans to cooperate with our Monkey Head Gang. This isn’t really up to her in the end.

“We can’t stir up trouble right now. One outburst and the whole thing could fall apart.

“But I promise you that someday, I’ll return today’s humiliation ten times over!

“We have to get past this, Da Sheng.” At this point, Yuan Yi had clapped the ape’s shoulder heavily. “We must climb up, we must fight our way up. One day, we will stand high above!”

Under Yuan Yi’s appeasement, the ape’s flushed face and furrowed brows had slowly eased, replaced by weariness and sorrow.

And now…

Its descendants had been poisoned, and not even permitted the grace of a burial. They were to be used as materials for the enemy to make mechanical puppets!

Yuan Dasheng’s chest burned with fiery rage, but its expression was eerily calm.

Looking quietly at Yuan Er, who was still smashing things in fury, it recalled its old comrade.

Sadly, that comrade was long gone.

So the ape’s anger carried a trace of sorrow as well.

Standing slowly, it walked to Yuan Er’s side and gently placed a hand on his shoulder.

Yuan Er’s body trembled. When he looked back and saw Yuan Dasheng, he immediately collapsed to the floor. Tears poured from his eyes as he called out, “Uncle Monkey!”

...

In the Lava Immortal Palace.

Ning Zhuo’s puppet body had been waiting quietly for quite some time.

At last, he was finally convinced that Yuan Dasheng would not re-enter the immortal palace.

“The plan worked!” Ning Zhuo thought to himself.

Whether it was paying demonic cultivators to repeatedly attacking Monkey Head Gang’s monkey pets, or the intentionally failed assassination attempt on Yuan Er, everything was to put pressure on Yuan Dasheng.

Now it seemed the results were satisfactory.

Yuan Dasheng had clearly sensed the coming storm. With the Monkey Head Gang under attack, how could it still be in the mood to explore the immortal palace?

“This way, none of the four major forces will discover Yuan Dasheng for the time being.

“Moreover, Yuan Dasheng won’t have the chance to meet the other competitors, causing it to misjudge the situation in the immortal palace.

“As for myself… I’m still walking on a razor’s edge.”

Zhu Xuanji, a member of the Divine Investigation Bureau, had arrived far earlier than expected.

Still, Ning Zhuo had already made preparations.

“Cultivators of the Divine Investigation Bureau focus on two main techniques: the Clear Heart Warning Incantation and the Root Tracking Origin Tracing Incantation.

“The former is the basis of the Warning Heart Bell’s power, while the latter can dig out closely connected objects.”

If Ning Zhuo had bombed the immortal palace himself, the Root Tracking Origin Tracing Incantation would definitely expose him. To resolve this issue, Ning Zhuo proactively revealed himself, met with Chen Cha, and deliberately exposed the explosive fire monkey.

His previous setup had now come into effect.

“But how long can I keep it hidden?” Ning Zhuo didn’t know. At any moment, he might be exposed and hunted down.

He had long been mentally prepared.

All he could do now was seize every moment to keep pressing forward.

“Now, I just have to wait for the Fire Persimmon Festival.”

...

Zhu Xuanji and Chi Dun concealed their presence and walked out of the black market.

Chi Dun was puzzled. “Sir Zhu, what’s going on? No one can lie in front of your Golden Pupils, but according to the people here, there haven’t been any large-scale purchases of fire essence.”

Zhu Xuanji was silent for a moment, then smiled faintly. “Looks like the culprit came prepared.

“From the mechanical monkeys alone, it’s clear that they were deliberately guarding against the bureau’s Root Tracking Origin Tracing Incantation.

“No bulk purchase of fire essence was found in any of Fire Persimmon City’s markets. Either the culprit made a large-scale purchase elsewhere, or they bought it in smaller batches over a long period of time.

“Either way, their actions were carefully planned!”

Chi Dun asked, “Then what do we do next?”

Zhu Xuanji stroked his chin and sighed. “Next, we prepare for Fire Persimmon Festival!”

