Chapter 67: Explosion

The moment the fire persimmon was crushed, it immediately exploded!

Yuan Dasheng had been placing all its attention on Yuan Er, the thousand-year fire persimmons, and the surrounding explosive fire monkeys.

Not once had it considered that it could make a mistake!

Such a thing was simply impossible.

After picking fire persimmons for so many years, the necessary motions had already been engraved into its instincts. How could it make a mistake?

But the reality was that it indeed made a mistake!

At that moment, the ape’s eyes widened in fury. It stared helplessly as the fire persimmon in its hand exploded, setting off a chain reaction of devastating explosions all across Fire Persimmon Forest.

This was the thousand-year area of Fire Persimmon Forest!

At the moment of life and death, Yuan Dasheng suddenly remembered that Yuan Er was still in the forest.

Without hesitation, it rushed back toward Yuan Er to protect him.

Then, with Yuan Er in its arms, it tried to flee Fire Persimmon Forest.

But Fei Si wouldn’t allow it!

Fire Persimmon Forest was the basis of Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s most important industry. This harvest was his responsibility, and the crowning achievement of Sir City Lord’s tenure.

Every section of Fire Persimmon Forest was isolated by formations to prevent any chain explosions from destroying the entire forest.

The moment the explosion started, this section of the Fire Persimmon Forest was locked down, sealing Yuan Dasheng and Yuan Er inside.

BOOM BOOM BOOM...

The chain explosions began.

Yuan Er trembled uncontrollably, his whole body shaking like a leaf. His eyes were shut tight and he was gripping Yuan Dasheng’s fur, screaming, “Uncle Monkey, Uncle Monkey! I’m going to die! We’re going to die!”

Yuan Dasheng held him in its arms, turning its back to protect him from the exploding Fire Persimmon Forest.

The whole forest erupted!

Fire soared to the sky, surging like a colossal crimson lotus blooming in the world and giving rise to endless heat that could melt all metal and iron.

Terrifying flames and shockwaves swept everywhere, filling all the space enclosed by the formation.

Under this crushing pressure and at the moment of life and death, Yuan Dasheng’s face distorted in pain. All of its instincts screamed at it to use the Demonic Pollution Blood Muscle Technique!

But a thought flickered through its mind, and it hesitated.

…

On the mountainside.

Ning Zhuo’s face was filled with shock, and the flames from the explosion illuminated his youthful face in red. However, there was an inerasable chill in his eyes.

“Success!” His heart pounded, and joy flooded his whole body.

He had truly wracked his brain to design this trap and kill Yuan Dasheng.

Under this terrifying explosion, Yuan Dasheng would be in real danger. It would have to go all out for just a sliver of a chance at survival.

But could it really go all out? Could it possibly expose its Demonic Pollution Blood Muscle Technique?

If it did, it was guaranteed to be hunted down!

After all, that was a bona fide demonic technique. If it were in secret, there might be some leniency. But after exposing it in full view, which righteous path figure would dare to shield the ape?

As of right now, the four great forces were unaware of the help Yuan Dasheng could provide them in regard to exploring the Lava Immortal Palace.

They had joined together to fully focus on hunting the black shadow demonic cultivator.

If someone suddenly used a demonic technique at this moment, how would they react?

Time seemed to slow to a crawl.

The red flames of the terrifying explosion gradually swallowed up Yuan Dasheng and Yuan Er.

Yuan Dasheng clutched Yuan Er tightly in its arms. Falling into a daze, it seemed to see Yuan Yi…

…

Yuan Yi ran over joyfully, holding Yuan Er up in front of Yuan Dasheng.

“Da Sheng, look! This is my child! My son!” Yuan Yi was overjoyed. “I have a son now. I have a descendant in this world!”

Yuan Dasheng grinned, genuinely happy for its friend.

Yuan Yi handed the child straight to Yuan Dasheng, who looked overwhelmed as it hurriedly received him.

Yuan Dasheng carefully held the tiny baby in its palm. Despite the swaddling cloth separating them, it could feel the baby’s warmth and fragility.

All of this touched something deep inside it.

Yuan Yi smiled at Yuan Dasheng. “You like him too, huh? That’s great - cough cough cough!”

Before he could finish speaking, Yuan Yi began coughing up blood.

Yuan Dasheng quickly looked up at him, crying out with concern in its eyes.

Yuan Yi casually waved his hand. “My old injuries, you know how it goes.”

He wiped the blood from his lips and spat out another mouthful of blood. Ignoring the piercing pain in his body, he smiled. “We climbed up from the bottom and killed our way to our current height. Of course there’d be a price to pay. Right, Da Sheng?”

The ape gave a few low chuckles. The scars all over its body were the best answer.

Yuan Yi stretched out his arms and took a deep breath. “This life has been worth it!”

Then, in a calm voice, he said, “I did it, in the end. This kid’s mother is no longer alive. Hmph, that woman thought she could act all high and mighty just because she gave birth to a son. Now that she’s gone, her family’s people and assets all belong to us!

“I told you that I’d make her regret it.

“I told you that I’d pay back the humiliation I suffered tenfold. I didn’t lie, did I, Da Sheng?”

The ape nodded, and its expression as it looked at the baby grew noticeably gentler.

Yuan Yi also looked at the baby and said, “I’m naming him Yuan Er. Da Sheng, my lifespan isn’t as long as yours.

“When the day comes that I’m gone… let Yuan Er take Yuan Yi’s place[^1] and stay by your side.”

…

Yuan Er started crying from hunger. In order to feed him, Yuan Dasheng squeezed some juice from a peach the size of a washbasin. In the end, Yuan Er was drenched like a drowned rat.

Yuan Er fell ill. That night, Yuan Dasheng dashed through the immortal city like the wind, charging into a clinic and grabbing the doctor by the neck. It bounded along with the doctor in its hands as screams shattered the silence of the moonlit night.

Yuan Er started learning to climb. He clung to Yuan Dasheng’s thick fur as if challenging mountain peaks. Each time he fell, Yuan Dasheng’s palm caught him perfectly.

Yuan Er gradually grew up. Yuan Yi, on the other hand, grew weaker by the day, and was bedridden for a long time.

In the end…

Yuan Yi looked at his ape friend. With his final flash of life, he shouted, “Da Sheng! I, I…”

Yuan Dasheng cried out in response, but unlike before, it could no longer hear Yuan Yi’s next words.

Yuan Yi lay on the bed, eyes wide open and mouth agape. There was no more vitality in his body.

The ape stood silently, like a stone statue. Its face showed no expression, but there seemed to be thunder from the heavens raging in its ears, filling its mind with deafening booms.

…

BOOM!

The roar of the explosion seemed to shake the heavens. The terrifying blast was like a primordial beast that instantly devoured Yuan Dasheng and Yuan Er.

Then, the explosion was halted by the formation. Blinding crimson light flooded the entire formation zone.

Just a few breaths later, the firelight faded.

The onlookers people could see inside the formation again.

The once lush Fire Persimmon Forest had nearly vanished, replaced by scorched earth and a field of desolation as far as the eye could see. Only a scant few persimmon trees remained standing, their trunks reduced to pitch-black charcoal.

The next moment, as hot wind swept through, the charred trunks cracked apart and scattered across the ground.

Yuan Dasheng was half-kneeling on the ground like a statue.

As Yuan Er stirred in its arms, the ape suddenly collapsed to the ground with a dull thud.

Its flesh was torn and mangled, and its back was destroyed to the point that its white spine was visible. All its fur was gone, with its skin blackened and scorched.

Its eyes were tightly shut and its teeth were bared. Its face was set with searing agony and the strain of giving everything it had.

Yuan Er’s expression was blank with shock. He slowly turned his head, taking in his surroundings in a daze. Then, he shuddered and suddenly snapped to his senses.

He quickly checked himself and realized he had only suffered some minor injuries.

It was a miracle!

Yuan Er could hardly believe it. The moment the explosion occurred, he thought he was dead for sure! He never imagined he would survive, let alone in such good condition.

Notes:

[^1]: Reminder that Yuan Yi is “Yuan One” and Yuan Er is “Yuan Two”.

