Chapter 68: A Ray of Hope

"Uncle Monkey!" Yuan Er finally reacted and cried out in shock when he saw the ape lying on the ground.

He rushed to the ape, but it remained unmoving.

At that moment, Yuan Er was overwhelmed with grief, and tears rolled down his face.

“Someone! Anyone! Save Uncle Monkey!

“Open the formation, quick! Open the formation! We need a doctor! Call a doctor!!”

Yuan Er dragged Yuan Dasheng to the edge of the formation, but in the process broke its arm off.

Slumping to the ground, Yuan Er couldn’t do anything but stare blankly.

"Open the formation." Zhu Xuanji suddenly appeared beside Fei Si.

Fei Si was startled. He hadn’t noticed Zhu Xuanji’s stealth technique.

“Sir Zhu, this might be the black shadow demonic cultivator’s trick. It’s better to keep calm and wait…”

Zhu Xuanji stared at him, eyes shining with golden light and expression stern. “I said, open the formation!”

Fei Si’s pupils contracted slightly, and he squeezed out a smile. “Since the Divine Investigator wants to make a move and arrest the culprit, I will naturally comply.”

The formation was opened.

Zhu Xuanji hurried over to Yuan Er and used a spell on Yuan Dasheng. Under his treatment, Yuan Dasheng’s arm was quickly reconnected, its injuries stabilized, and its heartbeat resumed. It finally regained a trace of life.

"Thank you, Sir! Thank you, Sir!" Yuan Er kowtowed repeatedly to the unfamiliar Golden Core cultivator.

Zhu Xuanji sighed softly. "Its injuries are too serious. I did my best, but my treatment can only keep it alive for a short while.

“This is the Late Autumn Life Preservation Pill. If you feed this to it, its life can be saved.

“However, it will have to live out the rest of its days on a sickbed.”

Zhu Xuanji looked at the dying Yuan Dasheng with emotion.

He had the Golden Pupils. The explosion obscured everyone else’s vision, but he could see perfectly clearly.

At the moment of the explosion, Yuan Dasheng had wanted to go all out and resist by using a demonic technique. However, it didn’t end up doing so; instead, it circulated its magical power to protect Yuan Er in its arms.

It used its own flesh and blood to resist the explosion. It would rather sacrifice itself to save Yuan Er!

“It has a demonic technique, but didn’t use it. It was worried that it would be hunted down after being exposed as a demonic cultivator and eventually implicate Yuan Er.

"This ape is very loyal."

Zhu Xuanji was deeply moved, so he showed up to personally save Yuan Dasheng's life.

"Zhu Xuanji!" On the mountainside, Ning Zhuo watched Zhu Xuanji saving Yuan Dasheng with a cold look in his eyes.

"You ruined my plan!" Ning Zhuo gritted his teeth secretly.

He had finally devised this trap after exerting much effort, utilizing the situation and deducing how most people would react. But in the end, Zhu Xuanji had acted outside his expectations.

“I didn’t know Zhu Xuanji well enough. What do I do now?”

Due to Zhu Xuanji’s intervention, Yuan Dasheng escaped its fate of death and managed to come back to life.

“Although it’s still in terrible condition, only its body is really injured. Its soul is mostly fine.

“In other words, it can still enter the immortal palace.

“Once it encounters Meng Chong, Zhou Zhu, or Zheng Jian, the forces behind those three will definitely take the initiative to heal it completely.

"Damn it, damn it!"

Zheng Shuanggou had tried to recruit Ning Zhuo the moment he found out about the explosive fire monkey. From this, it was clear just how much the four major forces desired mechanical arts geniuses.

If they knew that Yuan Dasheng could get to Room 7 all by itself, they would definitely go crazy!

"What should I do? What should I do?" Ning Zhuo’s thoughts whirled. He racked his brain to the point that his face turned pale and his head grew dizzy.

It was too difficult!

Devising this trap had already exhausted all his energy and cleverness.

He had only thought this up after analyzing huge amounts of information and racking his brain for many days.

After all, he was only sixteen years old!

…

Fei Si's expression was also quite unsightly.

Just now, Zhu Xuanji’s action of forcing him to open the formation was nothing short of a slap in the face and blatant disregard for the situation.

Fei Si was a vicious person. He gritted his teeth and swore in his heart that he would remember this humiliation and repay Zhu Xuanji someday. So what if the man was a member of the Divine Investigation Bureau? So what if he was from the royal family?

“We are all people of the righteous path, so we must follow the rules. Today, you made me lose face. You better hope I don’t get a chance to pay you back in the future!”

“Sir, someone from the Flying Disk Workshop wants to see you.” A short while later, a guard came with a report.

Ning Zhuo was brought over soon after.

Fei Si said in a bad mood, “Boy, you’d better really have something important to say!”

Ning Zhuo smiled and sent a voice transmission. “Sir Fei Si, that Zhu Xuanji was so rude just now. I have a plan here that can relieve Sir’s worries.”

Fei Si immediately rebuked, “Sir Zhu is a member of the royal family and a dignified Divine Investigator! You, a mere Qi Refining cultivator, dare to call him by name? How bold!”

But despite his admonishing tone, Fei Si spoke via voice transmission as well to prevent anyone from listening in.

Ning Zhuo laughed internally. He continued to transmit, “Apologies for my recklessness. But, sigh, that Zhu Xuanji must have gone crazy. Why would he save that ape? He’s really looking down on our Fire Persimmon Immortal City!”

Seeing Fei Si frowning, Ning Zhuo hurriedly said, “Sir, at this point, everyone in the city knows that Zhu Xuanji saved that ape and doesn’t want it to die. Since that’s the case, what would happen if the ape really ended up dead?”

Fei Si’s brows relaxed when he heard this, and he wagged a finger at Ning Zhuo. “Boy, you sure have a lot of thoughts in that head of yours. Are you worried that the ape will recover and compete with you for the fire persimmon harvest business?”

Seeing that Fei Si had ‘seen through’ him, Ning Zhuo responded frankly, “Sir Fei Si has penetrating insight. How could I hide my little plans? Actually, I never intended to hide anything in the first place.”

Fei Si shook his head and said, “It’s no good, stop thinking about it. If outsiders knew about this, what would they say? They would spread rumors calling me narrow-minded and say that I’m opposing Sir Zhu. My own reputation doesn’t matter, but the key point is that this might affect Sir City Lord and the reputation of Fire Persimmon Immortal City.”

Ning Zhuo smiled. “Sir, I understand your worries. Don’t worry, I won’t take action personally and leave traces for others to latch on to. As long as you give me an order token, I’ll do it like this… Then, even if Zhu Xuanji comes to make trouble, there’ll be nothing he can do!”

“Oh?” After thinking about it, Fei Si found this plan rather feasible.

He tossed a token on the ground and said, “Oh dear, I’ve lost an order token. Whatever shall I do?”

Ning Zhuo quickly picked up the token, saying, “Sir, please wait a moment. I will find it for you.”

Then, he bowed and left.

Fei Si stared at Ning Zhuo’s departing figure and sighed. “This child of the Ning Clan has a sharp mind.”

Regardless of whether or not the plan would succeed, he already felt an increasing sense of appreciation toward Ning Zhuo.

After obtaining the order token, Ning Zhuo quickly walked toward the Monkey Head Gang’s temporary base.

Although the plan was solid, its implementation could vary.

Ning Zhuo didn’t know if this trip would succeed, but he had to do his best and seize any opportunity.

Yuan Dasheng had a chance at survival, and Ning Zhuo was the same!

If Yuan Dasheng survived, Ning Zhuo would die.

If Ning Zhuo wanted to survive, Yuan Dasheng had to die.

Either you die or I die!

Ning Zhuo knew he was taking a risk, but he had no choice.

In front of the four major forces, in front of Zhu Xuanji, he was too ordinary, too weak, and too alone.

He could only take action himself and kill Yuan Dasheng!

