Chapter 69: Personal Visit to the Enemy Gang

“Who dares trespass on the rear courtyard!” A servant shouted.

Ning Zhuo walked over and gave the servant a harsh kick. Then, he pulled out a warrant and shoved it in the servant’s face.

“Open your eyes and take a good look!

“I’m here to find your gang leader, Yuan Er, on Sir Fei Si’s orders. You dare stop me?” Ning Zhuo shouted loudly, glancing at the other servants with an imposing demeanor.

"Is it someone from the City Lord Mansion again?"

“The last messenger directly forced us to sell the monkey corpses, and the gang leader couldn’t say a word!”

“What’s this messenger here for this time?”

In the Monkey Head Gang, there were already many members complaining about Yuan Er.

Most of the gang members were beast tamers and had raised their monkey pets for many years. How could they have no emotions? They naturally wanted to bury the corpses with honor. But in the end, Yuan Er couldn’t withstand the pressure and directly sold the corpses to the Flying Disk Workshop. This move had been a heavy blow to his reputation.

Now that Yuan Dasheng was seriously injured, the whole Monkey Head Gang was in a panic.

Ning Zhuo only needed to pull out the warrant to walk straight in. It didn’t take long for him to reach the rear courtyard.

In the rear courtyard’s master bedroom, Yuan Er sat blankly under the dim light. Looking at the deathly Yuan Dasheng on the bed in front of him, tears flowed silently from his eyes.

He had thought that he knew how important Yuan Dasheng was, to both himself and the Monkey Head Gang. But it was only now that the ape was dying that Yuan Er fully realized the weight of this importance!

Although Zhu Xuanji had saved Yuan Dasheng’s life, it was only a temporary relief. At this point, even if the ape took the Late Autumn Life Preservation Pill, it would still be bedridden for life.

This tragic news was a huge blow to Yuan Er.

Suddenly, a sound came from outside the door.

Yuan Er trembled. Had the elders come to force him to abdicate?

Without Yuan Dasheng, who would support him?

Then, Ning Zhuo’s voice rang out. “Where is Gang Leader Yuan Er? I’ve come bearing Sir Fei Si’s orders. There’s an urgent matter that must be handled.”

Yuan Er’s face was still covered with tears. As he walked out of the bedroom, he saw the arrogant-looking Ning Zhuo.

Yuan Er was a Foundation Establishment cultivator and already had divine sense. At this moment, he sent out his divine sense and confirmed that the order token was genuine.

Not daring to be neglectful, he bowed to Ning Zhuo and said, “I grew up under Uncle Monkey’s gaze, and his kindness toward me is as heavy as a mountain. Now that he’s in such a miserable state, I must take care of him and won’t leave his side. Please pass my words on to Sir Fei Si. I’m truly sorry that I can no longer participate in the Fire Persimmon Festival.”

Yuan Er looked depressed.

An explosion occurred in the thousand-year area of Fire Persimmon Forest, and Yuan Dasheng was now dying. This was a complete defeat not only for him, but for the entire Monkey Head Gang.

Without Yuan Dasheng’s protection, how could he head out carelessly?

Ning Zhuo smiled and put away the warrant. “Gang Leader Yuan Er, I’m here to save your life. Did you know that you’re going to die soon?”

Yuan Er was infuriated. “Messenger, there’s no need to try to scare me!”

Ning Zhuo immediately replied, “Me, trying to scare you? Gang Leader Yuan Er, do you have the guts to dismiss the people around us and hear me out?”

Yuan Er snorted coldly. His eyes flickered, and he waved his hand to the servants around him. "All of you, go back."

Seeing that everyone was gone, Ning Zhuo directly swaggered into the master bedroom.

His behavior was extremely rude. Yuan Er was so angry that his face turned blue, but he forced himself to endure it.

Stepping into the master bedroom, Ning Zhuo’s gaze immediately fell on the bedridden Yuan Dasheng.

The ape was clearly dying, with barely any vitality left.

In that instant, Ning Zhuo had a strong impulse to kill the ape immediately!

But he took a deep breath and held himself back.

He couldn’t kill it.

Oftentimes, the simplest solution would in fact cause the situation to deteriorate.

If he suddenly made a move here, Yuan Er would definitely stop him. As a Foundation Establishment cultivator, the gang leader was far stronger than Ning Zhuo.

Moreover, even if he successfully killed the ape, he was already in the Monkey Head Gang’s base camp. Escaping would be difficult.

And most importantly, if Ning Zhuo killed Yuan Dasheng here, he would publicly offend Zhu Xuanji!

Zhu Xuanji saved the ape’s life, while he rushed into its house to kill it. Wasn’t this completely disregarding Sir Zhu Xuanji?

Zhu Xuanji was a divine investigator and had already interrogated Ning Zhuo over the matter of the Lava Immortal Palace. Now, Ning Zhuo was going to crook his finger and provoke another investigation?

Even Sir Fei Si wouldn’t dare to act so recklessly.

Yuan Er followed him in and spoke unhappily in a lowered voice. “Let’s not disturb my Uncle Monkey’s rest. Messenger, please come with me.”

He then led Ning Zhuo into a side room.

This was a small study. Ning Zhuo took the initiative to close the door and said bluntly, “Gang Leader Yuan Er, how long do you think you will remain the gang leader?”

Yuan Er’s face darkened. “If you’re here to sow discord, please leave.”

Ning Zhuo laughed mockingly. “Gang Leader Yuan Er, I came to save your life. Is this how you treat your savior?

“Listen up. The medicinal pill that Sir Zhu Xuanji gave you and the words he said back then were all recorded by the formation. Everyone knows about them now.

“Even if Yuan Dasheng survives, it’ll be crippled. Without the ape, who will obey Yuan Er?

"You know very well how your father rose to power!

“The Monkey Head Gang rose up through countless bloody battles.

“How many people were offended during the process? How many enemies are hiding in the dark?

“Now, there is finally an opportunity to avenge their hatred. Will they just sit back and watch you live in peace, enjoying wealth and glory?”

These words struck deep, and Yuan Er’s gaze flickered. “How can you help me, messenger?”

Ning Zhuo lifted the order token again, deliberately showing off the two words “Fei Si” on the back side.

“When it comes to backing, how can a mere ape compare to Sir Fei Si?”

Yuan Er’s eyes shone as he said in disbelief, “You mean, I can rely on Sir Fei Si?”

Ning Zhuo sneered and immediately broke his delusions. “Don’t even think about it. The Monkey Head Gang couldn’t catch the eye of Sir Fei Si even when it was at its peak, let alone now.

“What I mean is, you should rely on me!”

Yuan Er was a little embarrassed, but he knew that Ning Zhuo was speaking the truth.

Gangs were full of aggressive hoodlums and involved themselves in many unclean matters. An official of the Southern Bean Immortal Dynasty would obviously not want to tarnish their reputation by associating with such people.

Fei Si was at the Golden Core stage. Putting it bluntly, the Monkey Head Gang was completely useless to him. Of course, this was only as long as Yuan Dasheng didn’t reveal its true strength.

Yuan Er looked Ning Zhuo up and down, then bowed. “May I ask the messenger’s name?”

“My surname is Ning and my given name is Zhuo. I am a member of the Ning Clan.”

Ning Zhuo immediately pulled out his clan name as intimidation.

Yuan Er’s expression grew wary.

Ning Zhuo then shook the order token in his hand. “I am also appreciated by Sir Fei Si, and can be considered an errand boy.”

Yuan Er became solemn and waved his hand. “Please sit.”

Ning Zhuo had spoken modestly, but Yuan Er knew that this so-called errand boy should be someone close to Fei Si, and might even be a confidant.

Under Yuan Er’s invitation, Ning Zhuo slowly sat down.

A desk separated the two people.

Ning Zhuo continued, “I am also a member of Flying Disk Workshop, and personally crafted many mechanical monkeys.”

Yuan Er jumped to his feet in fury. “You’re the one who sent the assassin? The one who poisoned my gang’s monkey pets?! How dare you come here?!!”

