Chapter 7: Let Ning Zhuo Come Home

The junior patriarch of the Ning Clan summoned Ning Ze once more, inquiring about the progress of his mission regarding Hanging-Hair Traveler.

Gritting his teeth, Ning Ze gave his report.

Bang!

Junior patriarch Ning Xiaoren was completely infuriated, picking up the inkstone on his desk and flinging it outward.

The inkstone struck Ning Ze’s forehead, immediately drawing blood. However, Ning Ze didn’t dare to wipe it away; he fell to his knees, crying and wailing: “Lord junior patriarch, it’s not that I didn’t try hard enough. I really did try my best, but that Hanging-Hair Traveler is too stubborn!

“My competence is lacking. This task is truly too much for me.

“Junior patriarch, you think too highly of me. You overestimate my ability. I don’t have enough confidence and intelligence to complete this task.”

Ning Ze didn’t dare to tell anyone about the Huang Family Ghost Trio; that was something he’d done on his own.

He had wanted to get away from this task for a long time already. Now that the situation had reached this point, he finally gave up and admitted his incompetence, boldly stating that he couldn’t complete the mission!

“You, you, you!!” The junior patriarch was so angry that his fingers were shaking. For a moment, he was speechless at Ning Ze’s shamelessness.

He leaned back in his chair and took several breaths to compose himself, then waved his hand: “Since you’ve failed to accomplish such a simple task, I’ll give it to someone else. Get out of here! Just looking at trash like you gives me a headache.”

Ning Ze hurriedly bid farewell, but before he could walk out the door, the junior patriarch stopped him again.

“Hold on!”

Ning Ze’s heart skipped a beat. He immediately turned around and bowed. “What is it, junior patriarch?”

The junior patriarch spoke slowly: “I saw Ning Zhuo’s name on the examination ranking list. He was in 31st place; as his uncle, don’t you have something to say?”

Ning Ze smiled bitterly: “Speaking of Little Zhuo, I too am deeply troubled. Now that he’s grown up, that child thinks he can go his own way. He argued with my wife and I after the exam results came out yesterday.

“Sigh, Little Zhuo was too young when he lost his parents, and we haven’t raised him well. That might be why he’s grown up with a stubborn temperament and reclusive personality. He’s very hardheaded and told us not to use any connections, because he thought that it would make him lose face.”

The junior patriarch fixed his eyes on Ning Ze.

“Ning Ze, you know very well that Ning Zhong[^1] – Ning Zhuo’s father and your brother – once saved my life. I swore to him then that I would take care of Ning Zhuo and cultivate him well.

“It’s fine for a child to be stubborn. Are you also going to be stubborn?”

Ning Ze bowed and said: “Junior patriarch, I understand. I will go back and persuade Ning Zhuo to change his mind.”

“Good.” The junior patriarch waved his hand and issued an ultimatum: “If you can’t even handle this minor matter, there’s no need for you to continue being our clan’s procurement manager!”

Ning Ze felt like a heavy stone was pressing down on his heart. He returned home with a gloomy expression.

When Ning Zhuo’s aunt, Wang Lan, saw her husband, she immediately exclaimed: “Husband, how did you get hurt?!”

“How else? The junior patriarch struck me.” Ning Ze sighed.

Wang Lan said angrily, “That Ning Xiaoren sure is something! If he’s so capable, why doesn’t he go recruit Hanging-Hair Traveler himself? All he can do is order his subordinates around.”

While complaining, Wang Lan gently applied medicine to the wound on Ning Ze’s forehead.

The pain from the wound made Ning Ze's lips twitch. Snorting coldly, he said: “Luckily, I was finally able to take my hands off this hot potato.

“However, Ning Xiaoren has another task for me. It’s regarding Little Zhuo…”

Ning Ze briefly explained the situation.

When he finished speaking, Wang Lan’s eyebrows shot upward, like a cat with its fur standing on end. “What? We have to spend money to help him get into the family industry now?

“No, I don’t agree! How many spirit stones will that cost?

“We suffered to raise him for so many years, and now we have to spend money on him again?”

Ning Ze sighed. “When he was in the academy, he didn’t have to pay tuition. All we really spent on him was a negligible sum for daily expenses. Moreover, his mother left behind some money before her death.”

Wang Lan shouted: “Are you out of your mind? That money belongs to us! Back then, when Ning Zhuo’s mother was lying on her deathbed, she took my hand and personally gave me the money.

“You were there, and several elders were also present. Ning Zhuo’s mother clearly said that the money wasn’t for raising Ning Zhuo, but a gift of gratitude to us!

“That money is ours. We can use it however we want.”

Ning Ze sneered: “Correct, but that’s exactly why we mustn’t treat Little Zhuo poorly. After all, I am his uncle, and he ranked 31st in the clan examination. I can’t not show him some care.”

Wang Lan gritted her teeth. Raising her eyebrows, she expressed her disagreement: “If you want to spend such a large sum of money, you’d better kill me first.

“That troublesome little bastard. And that greedy devil Ning Xiaoren! They all deserve to die!

“Husband, can’t you see? Ning Xiaoren specifically asked you to do this because he wants you to pay him and use his connections to help Ning Zhuo enter the family industry.

“Don’t you know what kind of person he is?

“Ning Xiaoren is fickle and narrow-minded. After making a promise one day, he’ll come up with some excuses the next.

“In the past, we thought that working under him would make our lives easier. But then, whenever we made any requests, he either ignored them or demanded payment.

“Don’t you remember when we asked him for help in acquiring the position of procurement manager? He demanded three times more than others would!

“Now, he just wants to use this matter with Ning Zhuo to cheat us again.

“Hmph, if he truly cared about that life-saving favor, why has he never asked about Ning Zhuo in all these years? If he really wanted to repay the favor, he could directly arrange a spot in the family business for Little Zhuo. After all, he is the junior patriarch.

“Hypocrite! He’s a damn hypocrite!”

Ning Ze sighed: “You think I don’t know this? His meaning is obvious – I didn’t do a good job, so if I don’t take this opportunity to make him happy, he will take away my post as procurement manager!”

Wang Lan was in disbelief: “Husband, are you so spineless? You’ll let him just blackmail our family like this?

“You have your own son to take care of. Ji’er also needs resources to cultivate. What have we given him? We can’t even get him those cakes from the Golden Restaurant he likes.”

Ning Ze’s expression darkened. “Nonsense! Even the chief steward can’t afford to eat Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes all the time.

“Don’t worry, let me think this through carefully.”

Ning Ze was extremely reluctant to pay bribes to send Ning Zhuo into the family business. Unlike his wife, Wang Lan, it wasn’t that he was stingy with money; instead, it was due to concerns about face.

Ning Zhuo had only just quarreled stubbornly with them, and now Ning Ze was supposed to run around bribing people for his sake? Where would his dignity as the boy’s elder be?

He would be more like a servant!

Notes:

[^1]: Ning Zhong – 寧忠 – Zhong means “loyal”.

