Chapter 70: Ning Zhuo Speaks of Surrender

Ning Zhuo suddenly stood up and raised his voice to drown out Yuan Er. “Nonsense! Assassination? Poisoning your monkey pets? Do you have any proof? Show me your proof!”

Yuan Er was shocked. His eyes reddened with rage, and he pointed a trembling finger at Ning Zhuo as killing intent overflowed in his heart. “You little villain, you’re here to harass me in my own home? You deserve to die! To die!”

Ning Zhuo stuck out his neck, boldly stepping forward and circling around the desk that separated them. He walked toward Yuan Er and shouted loudly, “Come on then! My great head is right here, Gang Leader Yuan Er. Come and take it!”

Heavy footsteps sounded out as he approached. Overwhelmed by the young man’s momentum, Yuan Er stumbled backward, bumping against the chair behind him and falling down into it.

He, a dignified Foundation Establishment cultivator, had been forced to this state by a young man in the Qi Refining stage. If this got out, his reputation would be ruined.

Seeing this, Ning Zhuo laughed loudly and no longer continued forward. Instead, he moved back a few steps and said in a softer tone, “Gang Leader Yuan Er, you are a smart man.

“Since I came here to convince you to surrender, I obviously have my own means to protect myself. But even if I didn’t, that doesn’t matter.

“If I were to suffer even the slightest injury in this place, what do you think Sir Fei Si would think? What kind of reaction would the Ning Clan have? How would the Flying Disk Workshop retaliate?”

Yuan Er trembled. He clenched his fists hard, nails digging into his palms to the point of drawing blood.

But this pain was nothing compared to the humiliation and rage that filled his heart at this moment.

Opposite him, Ning Zhuo seemed completely at ease. The young man strolled around the small study with his hands behind his back.

If a Foundation Establishment cultivator like Yuan Er was provoked into attacking, Ning Zhuo would definitely meet a tragic end. However, his demeanor remained leisurely; he knew that the calmer he was, the less his opponent would dare to move.

Ning Zhuo lifted his head and spoke at length, eloquently recounting the life experiences of Yuan Yi and Yuan Dasheng. He talked of the founding of the Monkey Head Gang, and described several key battles in great detail.

This feeling of having everything exposed chilled Yuan Er to the core.

Ning Zhuo was merely a third-level Qi Refining cultivator, but to Yuan Er, he seemed more like a colossal beast opening its jaws to swallow up both him and his Monkey Head Gang.

Ning Zhuo stepped toward Yuan Er again, speaking with a penetrating gaze. “Gang Leader Yuan Er, your father and your Uncle Monkey fought their whole lives to build up this foundation. Now, in your hands, it’s all about to crumble.

“Are you really okay with that? Can you face your father and your Uncle Monkey?”

Yuan Er shot him a glare. “Isn’t it all because of you people that I’m in this situation?”

“No, you’re wrong!” Ning Zhuo waved a hand. “If it wasn’t us, it would’ve been someone else. This world operates on the law of the jungle. Since you’re weak, it’s only natural to become prey to the strong.

“Isn’t that right? How did your father and your Uncle Monkey rise up? How was the Monkey Head Gang founded?

“Your thoughts right now are exactly like those of the losers who they trampled underfoot back then.

“Gang Leader Yuan Er, don’t blame the world for your problems.

“That kind of thinking is too cowardly. Leave some dignity for your father and your Uncle Monkey!”

Yuan Er continued glaring, but didn’t speak.

Born and raised in a gang, the law of the jungle was something carved deep in his bones. He couldn’t refute Ning Zhuo’s words.

Ning Zhuo lifted his head and moved back to the main topic. “Join us. That’s the only way we’ll be able to help you.”

Yuan Er took a deep breath. “How can you help me?”

Ning Zhuo turned around, walking a few steps with his hands behind his back. Yuan Er could only see his back view as the young man said lightly, “Do you know the relationship between the Flying Disk Workshop and Sir Fei Si?

“This is a secret, but I might as well tell you. Whenever we sell a mechanical monkey, Sir Fei Si takes forty percent of the profits.

“Although Sir Fei Si will never admit it in public, as long as he gives you a little bit of consideration, your situation will completely change.

“This connection is more than enough for you to intimidate those ambitious elders.”

Yuan Er took another deep breath.

Resentment filled his heart.

“So that’s why the Flying Disk Workshop is so powerful. It’s because they’re bribing Fei Si! Because they have Fei Si backing them up!

“How ugly and corrupt!

“No wonder my Monkey Head Gang has been suffering so much.

“Against a Golden Core cultivator, and one as ruthless as Fei Si at that, how are we supposed to win?!”

The more Yuan Er thought, the more despair and fury filled him. He could no longer summon any courage.

Ning Zhuo watched Yuan Er’s expression flicker and continued speaking. “That’s not all we can give you. We’ll also sell you large quantities of mechanical monkeys.

“From now on, your gang shall give up on using monkey pets and switch entirely to explosive fire monkeys.”

Yuan Er was stunned for a moment, then said, “Impossible! If I make that kind of announcement, I’ll be overthrown on the spot. The gang members will never accept such a ridiculous command.”

Ning Zhuo laughed heartily. He had clearly expected this, and immediately replied, “Don’t worry, I don’t want you to lose your position as gang leader.

“All you need to say is that from now on, the harvesting of fire persimmons will be handled solely by your Monkey Head Gang, and the Flying Disk Workshop won’t touch it.

“The only condition is that you use explosive fire monkeys and give up on your monkey pets.”

Yuan Er was in disbelief. “What did you say?”

Ning Zhuo chuckled, “You didn’t actually think our Flying Disk Workshop wanted to steal your business, did you? How narrow-minded.

“We are connected to Sir Fei Si. If we snatched the business of harvesting fire persimmons, wouldn’t that be competing with civilians? That would damage Sir Fei Si’s public image. He’d never permit it.

“We’re only selling explosive fire monkeys to reduce the risks of harvesting fire persimmons. This will lessen the yearly casualties and bring benefits to the nation and the people. It’s a noble cause.”

Yuan Er’s face turned pale. For a moment, he felt that everything was too absurd.

This whole time, he had thought that the Flying Disk Workshop was after the harvesting business that was the foundation of the Monkey Head Gang’s existence. That was why he’d been fighting so desperately. But as it turned out, they didn’t care about that at all?

Then what was up with all their previous posturing and aggression?

Seemingly reading Yuan Er’s mind, Ning Zhuo said, “Gang Leader Yuan Er, don’t overthink it.

“If you keep using monkey pets, you’re our enemy. If you use explosive fire monkeys, you’re our customer.

“An enemy and a customer – even a child can tell the difference, right?

“Sir Fei Si said that our Fire Persimmon City no longer needs outdated harvesting methods like using monkey pets.

“Each monkey is a living being. How can you be so cruel?”

“In comparison, mechanical monkeys are great. They have no fear of death, and their efficiency is extremely high.

“I promise you this – as long as you pledge your loyalty to us, we will secretly sell you special mechanical monkeys. These special models are superior to the standard ones in every way.

“With that alone, your Monkey Head Gang will gain a huge advantage in harvesting fire persimmons.”

Yuan Er’s heart sank. He knew all too well that the moment he accepted this condition, he would fall under someone else’s control. Purchasing and maintaining mechanical monkeys would leave him and his vast Monkey Head Gang completely dependent on the Flying Disk Workshop.

Meanwhile, the Flying Disk Workshop would use them to expand its influence across the entire market.

The Monkey Head Gang would still have to guard against business rivals trying to snatch their livelihood. But all the Flying Disk Workshop would need to do was sit back and collect money, watching the tigers fight on the mountain without losing even a single drop of blood.

“An excellent scheme, an excellent scheme indeed.” Yuan Er sighed mournfully, no longer having any will to fight.

A dark light flashed in Ning Zhuo’s eyes. “Gang Leader Yuan Er, have you thought it through?”

Yuan Er felt an overwhelming sorrow. At this point, did he still have a choice?

From the moment the explosion went off in the thousand-year area of Fire Persimmon Forest, he had already lost. He had no choice at all.

Thus, Yuan Er walked around the desk and stood in front of Ning Zhuo.

Taking a deep breath, he forced down the sorrow and anger in his heart and bowed, saying in a trembling voice, “Yuan Er pays respects to Mister Ning.”

