Chapter 71: Give Me Yuan Dasheng

“Yuan Er pays respects to Mister Ning!”

Seeing Yuan Er bow down to him, Ning Zhuo hesitated.

He wondered whether this was a chance to truly subdue the Monkey Head Gang and bend it to his own will. Yuan Dasheng was now a cripple, but its soul could still enter the immortal palace. It would be a fantastic weapon in the battle over the palace’s inheritance!

But immediately after thinking this, Ning Zhuo calmed himself down.

“I can’t be greedy for illusory gains!

“Although Yuan Er is bowing down to me, it’s only because I have a hold on his weakness. In the final analysis, I myself am not the one who subdued him.

“If Fei Si recruits him in the future, or if he catches the attention of the three great clans, will Yuan Er still remain loyal to me? That’s absolutely impossible.

“More critically, even if Yuan Er was completely loyal to me, could I really use him to control the Monkey Head Gang?”

Ning Zhuo shook his head inwardly.

Many gang members were already disappointed in Yuan Er.

“Could I use Yuan Er to control Yuan Dasheng?”

Ning Zhuo once again shook his head.

Yuan Dasheng protected Yuan Er, but it rarely took orders from him. It had climbed up from the bottom, and had its own ambitions and judgment.

Ning Zhuo’s strike had caught it off guard, which was why it suffered a setback. But once it had some time to gather intel, its years of battle-hardened experience and accumulated wisdom would let it clearly recognize its current predicament.

Once that happened, it would most likely take the initiative to join one of the four major forces, causing them to cast Ning Zhuo to the side and maybe even eliminate him directly.

“I’m too weak right now. It’s like I’m walking along the edge of a cliff, or balancing on a vertical tower of eggs. I can’t afford to lose my head over this kind of temptation.

“One wrong step, and I’ll plunge into the abyss and perish!”

At this point, Ning Zhuo was completely calm and no longer had any thoughts about untouchable benefits.

He reached out with both hands and helped Yuan Er up, saying with praise, “A true hero is one who can recognize the times…”

For the next while, Ning Zhuo continuously spouted kind words to appease Yuan Er. Once the latter had settled down some, Ning Zhuo finally moved on to his true goal.

“Since you’ve already sided with us, we will do our best to help you keep the position of gang leader.

“Your personal combat strength is a little lacking. According to Sir Fei Si’s plan, we’ll be building you a custom mechanical construct.

“This mechanical construct will have the power of Foundation Establishment, and will allow you to overpower those ambitious gang elders.”

“Oh?” Yuan Er’s eyes lit up with joy. This degree of support really reassured him.

But when he heard Ning Zhuo’s next words, his joy turned to fury, and he almost lashed out on the spot!

Ning Zhuo nodded and said, “It’s good that you’re so agreeable.

“Now then, give me Yuan Dasheng. We’ll use it to craft a powerful mechanical monkey for you.”

Yuan Er almost leaped up in rage. “Impossible!”

He refused without hesitation.

“Hmm?!” Ning Zhuo immediately frowned. “Gang Leader Yuan Er, think it through!

“A strong mechanical construct requires excellent base materials.

“Do you think we bought so many monkey corpses just to humiliate you? You overestimate yourself.

“Monkey corpses are the best base material for exceptional mechanical monkeys.”

Yuan Er continuously shook his head. “Even so, I will never let you use my Uncle Monkey’s–”

Ning Zhuo waved his hand impatiently and interrupted, “Enough. Yuan Er, are you really holding on to sentimentality at this point in time?

“Let me be blunt. The materials must come from you.

“Only Yuan Dasheng’s corpse can allow us to create a top-tier mechanical monkey to protect you in the future.

“We need you to remain the gang leader of the Monkey Head Gang, but what do you think the elders are planning?

“Your personal strength is too weak, and you don’t have a powerful protector at your side. What will you do if the elders hire assassins to kill you?”

Yuan Er stayed silent.

Ning Zhuo continued, “Only a fool waits until they see their coffin before starting to cry.

“At that point, it’ll be too late!

“You’ve already chosen to side with us, so why not commit fully to it?”

Yuan Er firmly shook his head. “Mister Ning, there’s no need to continue trying to persuade me. Uncle Monkey has shown me immense kindness and contributed greatly to the gang. I want to care for him in his old age and let him live out his final years in peace.

“If I can’t even do this, am I still human?!”

Ning Zhuo’s eyes narrowed slightly. Deep down, he suddenly felt and impulse to punch Yuan Er dead on the spot, then go and kill Yuan Dasheng!

He had gone through all this effort precisely to get to Yuan Dasheng. Now, he was stuck at the final step, causing him to feel deep frustration.

But he knew logically that he couldn’t act rashly.

Ning Zhuo took a deep breath and calmed himself down before changing his tone. “Gang Leader Yuan Er’s virtue is truly admirable.

“I respect that kind of character. I respect you!

“However… don’t you think you’re being a bit selfish?”

Yuan Er widened his eyes in confusion. “You’re calling me selfish? If I were really selfish, I would have agreed right away to turn Uncle Monkey into a material for your mechanical construct!”

Ning Zhuo continued, “Gang leader, have you even thought about what your Uncle Monkey wants?”

Yuan Er froze.

Ning Zhuo said, “Your Uncle Monkey is brave and fearless and has always charged straight ahead, a true warrior among warriors. Between dying on the battlefield and wasting away in a bed, which do you think it would prefer?

“If your Uncle Monkey really becomes a cripple unable to even leave the bed, it would definitely feel worse than death. If you ask me, this so-called peaceful retirement is just you satisfying your sense of filial piety. For your Uncle Monkey, though, it’s nothing more than cruel humiliation!”

Yuan Er furrowed his brow, falling into deep thought.

Ning Zhuo’s eyes gleamed with a cold light. He smiled gently and said in a voice as soft as the spring breeze, “Why don’t you talk to your Uncle Monkey about it?

“Your Uncle Monkey has done so much for you. If it really doesn’t want that kind of future, I believe it will be willing to give itself up. It will think that even if it dies, it can still accompany and protect you in another form.

“Why don’t you go ask it?”

Yuan Er looked up, his face pale and bloodless. His eyes were somewhat dazed as he muttered, “Yes… Mister Ning, what you said makes perfect sense. Why don’t I just ask Uncle Monkey?”

Yuan Er left the small study and went to the master bedroom. He knelt before the bed.

Yuan Dasheng was still unconscious.

Yuan Er opened his mouth, trying to speak. But after several attempts, he couldn’t say a word.

The mighty and towering figure in his memory was now as fragile as paper, no longer offering him any sense of safety or comfort.

Yuan Er’s thoughts grew scattered, and his gaze blanked out. Without realizing, tears began falling from his eyes.

As his vision blurred, Yuan Er seemed to return to his past.

When he was small…

He used to climb on Yuan Dasheng’s body like scaling a crimson volcano.

When he could walk and run…

“Uncle Monkey, they’re bullying me!” Yuan Er would bring Yuan Dasheng to settle the score, scaring the other kids until they cried their lungs out.

When they played in the water…

“Eh? Uncle Monkey, why is mine so small and yours so big?” Little Yuan Er pointed at Yuan Dasheng’s crotch, his face full of curiosity.

When he was a bit older…

Yuan Er grew braver and more inquisitive. “Uncle Monkey, between you and my dad, who’s stronger? Have you two ever fought? I asked my dad, but he never answers me.”

After a victorious gang battle...

Yuan Er ran up to Yuan Dasheng, face full of admiration and excitement: “Uncle Monkey, you’re amazing! So powerful! When can I be like you?”

And then, after that...

Things began to change.

The cruel and cold reality shattered Yuan Er’s belief that he could become exceptional as long as he put in the effort.

Cultivation was based on talent.

“I’ll never be as strong as Uncle Monkey!”

“Uncle Monkey is really strong!”

“Uncle Monkey is super strong!”

“Uncle Monkey is much too strong...” The once awestruck boy became a gloomy young man.

The same truth that once sparked admiration and reverence gradually gave rise to anxiety and paranoia.

“My father only built this foundation with Uncle Monkey’s help. When Father passes, will I be able to keep Uncle Monkey under control?” Yuan Er watched as his father grew weaker by the day due to irrecoverable injuries. His heart was full of worry.

“The Monkey Head Gang’s greatest strength is Uncle Monkey. Power is authority, but the core of that authority lies in Uncle Monkey. Is that really appropriate?

“Monkey Head Gang, Monkey Head Gang... is it a human gang or a monkey organization?” Seeing more and more monkey pets around him, Yuan Er felt lost.

Watching the elders so terrified and deferential toward Yuan Dasheng, he felt a complicated mix of emotions.

...

In a gang battle, Yuan Er shouted, “No, don’t kill him!”

Yuan Dasheng was already in a frenzy and unable to stop itself. It opened its mouth wide and bit the opposing cultivator clean in half.

The enemy’s morale collapsed, and they began a full retreat.

Yuan Er let out a deep sigh. “There’s no turning back now. We’ll have to go all out to completely eradicate the enemy gang.”

Yuan Dasheng walked over holding half of the cultivator’s corpse, then suddenly handed it to Yuan Er.

Yuan Er jumped in fright.

Seeing its prank succeed, Yuan Dasheng let out a mischievous giggle, unaware of the shadow growing in Yuan Er’s eyes.

