Chapter 75: Cause and Effect

“You go on ahead, I’ll head back for a moment.” Zhu Xuanji turned back midway.

Fei Si quickly said, “I’ll go with you, let’s go!”

The Zhou Clan old ancestor naturally refused to fall behind and followed closely. “Divine Investigator Zhu, did you discover something?”

Zhu Xuanji merely shook his head.

Before long, the three returned the Flying Disk Workshop. Several cultivators from the workshop were busy repairing the roof.

Zhu Xuanji waved his hand, and the roof was lifted off once again.

The three Golden Cores slowly descended.

“Ah, three Sirs!” Ning Zhuo and Chen Cha bowed once more.

Zhu Xuanji ignored the duo and walked directly to Yuan Dasheng’s corpse, then pulled out a medicine bottle from his robe.

The moment he uncorked it, a fragrant medicinal aroma spread out, causing a collective jolt in everyone’s hearts.

Fei Si cried out, “Top-grade medicinal liquid?”

Top-grade medicine was extremely rare. Each one required a perfect harmonization of timing, location, and human effort to be successfully refined, and couldn’t be easily reproduced.

Zhu Xuanji looked deadly serious. To verify his thoughts, he had no qualms in using up such a treasure.

All eyes were on him as he carefully poured out a single drop of medicinal liquid.

The liquid fell onto Yuan Dasheng’s corpse and immediately seeped in.

Zhu Xuanji and the others waited for a while, but no changes appeared.

Zhu Xuanji let out a sigh. “The old ape did not have its mind influenced by an external force recently. That explosion in Fire Persimmon Forest really was due to its own mistake.”

Fei Si’s expression fell, as if to say, that’s all?

The Zhou Clan old ancestor simply nodded slightly.

Zhu Xuanji didn’t even glance at the others before turning and flying off.

Fei Si and the Zhou Clan old ancestor followed behind.

After the three Golden Cores left, Ning Zhuo and Chen Cha resumed their work on Yuan Dasheng’s corpse.

Chen Cha noticed Ning Zhuo’s slow movements, pale face, and feeble breath, and couldn’t help but express some concern. “Little Zhuo, these past few days you’ve had to hurriedly produce mechanism monkeys, participate in the Fire Persimmon Festival, follow Fei Si’s orders, and force Yuan Er to hand over Yuan Dasheng. In the end, you also faced the pressure of three Golden Core masters twice.

“You’ve worked too hard. Go home and get some rest. I’ll take care of this.”

Ning Zhuo forced a bitter smile and waved his hand, wiping the fine sweat from his forehead.

“Let me catch my breath first.” He stopped what he was doing, found a stool, and sat down to rest.

A strong sense of lingering fear surged up inside him, and cold sweat again beaded on his forehead.

The situation just now had been extremely dangerous!

“That was too close…”

Right after he extracted the blood from Yuan Dasheng’s body, the three Golden Cores had arrived and investigated the corpse.

Later, they returned again. If Ning Zhuo had truly used the Buddha Heart Demon Seal to influence Yuan Dasheng, he would’ve met a terrible end.

Looking back a few days prior…

For the sake of surviving this life-and-death crisis, Ning Zhuo was racking his brain and exhausting every possible idea.

Yuan Dasheng was too powerful!

It was also guarded by the Monkey Head Gang.

Fighting directly would be the worst option.

“If I want to kill with a borrowed knife, I’ll have to expose Yuan Dasheng to another faction…”

Putting aside the problem of manipulating others into fighting the Monkey Head Gang, doing so might lead to somebody discovering Yuan Dasheng’s true value. If that happened, Ning Zhuo would have really shot himself in the foot.

And the biggest issue was Zhu Xuanji, who wielded the Root Tracking Origin Tracing Incantation!

If Ning Zhuo used Buddha Heart Demon Seal to directly influence Yuan Dasheng, Zhu Xuanji would only need to trace the corpse to find the one most closely linked - Ning Zhuo.

That would be equivalent to turning himself in.

“How can I save myself?”

Ning Zhuo pondered bitterly, wracking his mind.

He plunged into the abyss of deep thought.

A strong sense of loneliness enveloped him, making him feel as though he’d been abandoned by the entire world.

No one knew his true situation. He had no one to confide in, no one to rely on.

Cold and cruel destiny had placed a powerful foe like Yuan Dasheng before him, forcing him into a deadly trial.

Ultimately, he had no choice but to fight alone!

While devising a countermeasure, intense emotions inevitably rose up within him.

Helplessness, powerlessness, disappointment, despair, thirst for survival, anger, hatred, unwillingness to betray his mother’s final wishes, an urge to rebel against fate…

Ning Zhuo had to constantly guard against these emotions, eliminate them, and do his best to think calmly and objectively.

He had to find possibility within impossibility!

And he had to succeed in one strike, with utmost thoroughness. Any flaw in the plan would inevitably burn him later on and lead to his downfall.

“I still haven’t figured out several key pieces of intel.

“For example, how did Yuan Dasheng obtain the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique? What level has it cultivated to?

“Wait a minute… Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique!”

In the midst of his thoughts, Ning Zhuo paused, then his eyes lit up.

Yes, the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique.

Once activated, this demonic technique could draw out blood energy and condense it into blood sinews.

When targeting the self, it could enhance mobility and improve defensive strength.

When targeting others, it could use the cultivator’s own blood energy to pollute the blood energy of the target. Once there were enough blood sinews inside and around the target’s body, the target’s movements could be restricted or even controlled.

At that moment, Ning Zhuo felt as if he saw a ray of light shining out of endless darkness.

“I can use blood energy to infiltrate and influence Yuan Dasheng.

“Of course, it can’t be my blood energy. If foreign blood energy infiltrated, Yuan Dasheng would definitely sense it.

“But I can use its own blood energy!”

Ning Zhuo obviously couldn’t draw blood from Yuan Dasheng itself. However, the latter had plenty of monkey descendants!

“Even though these monkey descendants also have their respective mothers’ blood, if I collect enough of them, I can use alchemical methods to refine and extract the blood energy closest to Yuan Dasheng’s own.”

As Ning Zhuo thought of this, he encountered another question - would Yuan Dasheng be able to detect this blood energy of the same origin?

“Could it be so perceptive?”

Ning Zhuo thought deeply and concluded that the possibility was low.

"Yuan Dasheng cultivates two techniques.

"One is the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique. I don’t know where it got it, but it’s cultivated to at least the fourth level of Essence Refining.

"The other is the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation, obtained from the Technique Transmission Bell. It’s cultivated to the peak of the third level of Qi Refining, allowing Yuan Dasheng’s soul to enter the immortal palace.

"Apart from these, it couldn’t have cultivated any other technique."

To enter the immortal palace during the Qi Refining stage, a cultivator wasn’t allowed to practice any cultivation technique aside from the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation, Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation, and Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique.

They had to reach the peak of the third level of Qi Refining with the Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation in order to trigger the soul entry mechanism.

If Yuan Dasheng knew another technique, it could only be the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation. Naturally, that would mean that it had Spirit Refining cultivation, and thus would be displayed on the ranking list.

But right now, the only name on the Spirit Refining ranking was Ning Zhuo’s alias.

“If it doesn’t have a Spirit Refining technique, relying on five elements magical power and the Demonic Pollution Blood Sinew Technique alone won’t grant it such keen perception.

“According to my information, Yuan Dasheng isn’t skilled at wielding magic artifacts and prefers to make full use of its physical power in close combat.

“Since that’s the case, this should be a fair bet."

Ning Zhuo had no other choice. He could only bet that Yuan Dasheng wouldn’t notice.

