Chapter 766: If you have the guts, fight me one-on-one!

The cloud layer before her eyes shifted and rose, appearing to Ban Jie just like the situation within the Profound Armor Cave - changing too fast, making it difficult to control.

She furrowed her brows, sinking into deep thought as she analyzed the current situation with all her might.

"The three Golden Core cultivators are still brawling. Since the confrontation began, Lu Zeng has been at a disadvantage, and his situation is deteriorating."

"If he doesn't have a trump card to change this status quo, I fear the result will be his elimination first."

Ban Jie was not surprised by this expected outcome and understood it quite well.

The purpose of the Cloud Rising Minor Trial in the Profound Armor Cave was to promote the Profound Armor Pieces with all their might!

Therefore, the content of their Cloud Rising Minor Trial had rarely changed since it was finalized. The Profound Armor Cave's trial was simply a three-layered sieve, filtering out the cultivators most suitable for refining Profound Armor Pieces.

To some extent, this was an investment.

Investing in these suitable cultivators meant that if they achieved success in the future, they might turn back and give feedback to the Profound Armor Cave. Even without direct feedback, just the fact that these cultivators used Profound Armor Pieces to gain benefits would be a reputational gain for the Profound Armor Cave.

In fact, the vast majority of cultivators who gained even a little would quickly return to provide positive feedback to the Profound Armor Cave.

There were two main reasons for this.

First, Profound Armor Pieces were not durable. To repair them, one needed Azure Flow Copper. This type of artificial precious material was quite rare; only the Profound Armor Cave possessed the unique formula and refining methods.

Second, the Profound Armor Cave had more cooperative content for cultivators who provided feedback. For example, selling other Profound Armor Pieces. Once cultivators felt the practicality and benefits of the Profound Armor Pieces, they would naturally have a stronger desire to purchase others, and would also be more willing to pay the price.

Who was suitable for Profound Armor Pieces?

According to the usage of Profound Armor Pieces, it was martial cultivators, body cultivators, and Mechanism cultivators. This corresponded exactly to Tie Zheng, Ao Pan, and Lu Zeng.

The first two were almost exclusively skilled in close combat, so these Profound Armor Pieces suited them very well. The final one, the Mechanism cultivator, could use divine sense for remote control. The Profound Weapon Armor itself had the ability to fight autonomously, equivalent to a type of mechanical construct, making it very practical for Mechanism cultivators as well.

The origin and design of the Profound Weapon Armor itself came from the ancient sect, the Mechanism Pivot Sect.

The forces of the Profound Armor Cave were themselves the descendants of the Mechanism Pivot Sect who had passed down the legacy to this day.

Ban Jie had seen detailed intelligence on the Profound Armor Cave and knew of many precedents. She clearly discovered that judging from the results of various Cloud Rising Minor Trials, martial cultivators and body cultivators had an obvious advantage. If a Mechanism cultivator was not skilled in close combat, the Profound Armor Cave's trial was very unfriendly to them.

"Once Lu Zeng is defeated and eliminated, how will the remaining Ao Pan and Tie Zheng choose?"

These two Golden Core experts had gone through a battle, and their combat power had inevitably declined. Inside the Profound Armor Cave, suppressed by the Grand Formation, although Golden Core cultivators had an advantage against Foundation Establishment ones, it was not as massive as it would be outside the cave.

Ban Jie estimated that since Ao Pan and Tie Zheng had already cooperated once, they would inevitably follow their successful experience and continue to join forces to clear out all the Foundation Establishment cultivators first.

Ban Jie reviewed the relevant military intelligence and found that in the Profound Armor Cave's Cloud Rising Minor Trial, whenever a situation similar to the current one appeared, the probability of the Golden Core experts joining forces to set a trap was extremely high.

"I must do my utmost to let Ban Ji seize the top spot."

"In this minor trial, the real obstacle is not Ning Zhuo, but these three Golden Core cultivators. I must try my best to make them exhaust each other to the limit!"

Ban Jie had also made preparations in this regard.

"Ban Ji, fight well. Try to defeat the Foundation Establishment cultivators first and accumulate the Profound Armor Pieces in your hand. These things won't last long in the third stage; the more, the better!"

Ban Jie cheered for Ban Ji in her heart.

In her view, Ban Ji calmly retreating and not tangling with the Rust Disaster Artisan and Ning Zhuo was the most correct choice.

According to the combat power Ning Zhuo was currently displaying, even if Ban Ji fought Ning Zhuo, the best result would be a pyrrhic victory.

But in that case, how would Ban Ji deal with the victorious Golden Core cultivator?

If he couldn't win in the end, how could he contend for the top spot this time?

"It's just that this Ning Zhuo is indeed difficult to deal with..."

Although Ban Jie had not seen it with her own eyes, the detailed intelligence in her hands allowed her to see Ning Zhuo's skilled and seasoned Righteous Path methods.

"The Rust Disaster Artisan has always been a Demonic Path lone cultivator. In terms of debate, he is simply not Ning Zhuo's match."

"Regardless of whether he accepts the challenge, Ning Zhuo can gain the upper hand. With Ban Ji taking the Rust Disaster Artisan away, Ning Zhuo also achieved his goal."

"But for him to be able to gather so many outsiders to help him, what benefits did he secretly promise these people?"

Thinking of this, Ban Jie's face couldn't help but darken slightly.

"I had the Profound Armor Cave's informant act in secret to frame Zhang Dadan, causing the latter to be eliminated in the first level..."

"I didn't expect that although I clipped Ning Zhuo's wings, his eloquence is extraordinary. Whether Zhang Dadan is there or not simply doesn't matter!"

"Ning Zhuo, I'll let you be smug for a little while. I don't just have Zhang Wangxing's group."

Ban Jie was not too worried about Ban Ji.

Because she still had ambush troops that hadn't been deployed.

Once Ban Ji was on the verge of elimination, the ambush troops would act.

Don't use them yet!

"The Royal Mandate needs setbacks and pressure to be stimulated."

"If Ban Ji is too powerful, it will likely make the Golden Core cultivators feel threatened and join forces ahead of time!"

Ban Jie could mobilize vast resources. This was because the Ban family's support for Ban Ji far exceeded what ordinary people expected.

A gust of mountain wind blew past, refreshing the heart and mind; Ban Jie's tightly furrowed brows relaxed slightly.

Sitting in command here was not easy for her.

The situation she faced was quite complex, and outsiders simply didn't understand. Just the aspect of the Royal Mandate erupting was headache-inducing, and the precise measure was hard to grasp. Now, with the chaotic battle in the Profound Armor Cave, there were so many factors to consider that her rapid thinking just now had killed off the majority of the thoughts in Ban Jie's divine sea.

Taking a deep breath, Ban Jie began to silently circulate her mysterious art to replenish the thoughts in her Upper Dantian.

-----

Profound Armor Cave.

Strong winds howled, and the sound of clashing metal was deafening.

Ban Ji and the Rust Disaster Artisan had already sustained multiple injuries. Under the dazzling dance of Bronze weapons, they were retreating in defeat.

Ban Ji gritted his teeth and shouted at Ning Zhuo : "Ning Zhuo, you rely on your tongue to incite the crowd to besiege us. Even if you win, so what?"

"If you have the guts, fight me one-on-one!"

Ning Zhuo sneered: "Why didn't you say that just now when you had the numbers and besieged me together?"

"Ban Ji, although you come from a righteous sect, you willingly degenerated to become a demonic cultivator. You seize private gain and poison your fellow Daoists. Today, I will avenge those innocent cultivators who died unjustly at your hands!"

Ban Ji sneered, continuing to provoke: "Heh, Ning Zhuo, you're scared!"

Ning Zhuo cut him off directly, shouting loudly: "Enforce justice on behalf of Heaven, execute the evil with the Righteous Law! Everyone, follow me to break the enemy!"

Ning Zhuo's voice was like a great bell, awe-inspiring with righteousness, as he constantly urged his Bronze weapons to launch attacks.

Ban Ji's face was so gloomy it could drip water. While blocking left and right, he paid no attention and let one of Ning Zhuo's Bronze weapons penetrate his defense line and rush right in front of him.

It was precisely the blank Azure Flow Copper that Ning Zhuo had refined; he had crafted it into an 'Old Cold Leg'.

If one were to ask what martial art he was most skilled in?

That would inevitably be the Bitter Cold Sutra he had accidentally obtained when he was in the Ten Thousand Medicine Sect.

The Old Cold Leg was exactly one of the martial arts within it. Ning Zhuo had once used a mechanical leg to display this method. Now, switching to the Profound Weapon Armor, the power was only stronger, not weaker.

The Old Cold Leg kicked Ban Ji right in the chest, knocking him directly to the ground. The force was powerful, causing Ban Ji to bounce once on the stone floor.

Seeing Ban Ji kicked down, the Rust Disaster Artisan hurriedly rushed over to shield Ban Ji.

Innate Talent - Metal Fiend!

He activated his Innate Talent, waving both hands. Streaks of dark golden baleful energy sprayed in all directions. Wherever it passed, the air was filled with the heavy scent of rusting metal.

Many Bronze weapons were tainted by the Metal Fiend. Their surfaces lost their luster at a speed visible to the naked eye, and large amounts of copper rust began to appear as they became thin and brittle.

When the Rust Disaster Artisan's weapons collided with them, the Profound Armor Pieces hit by the Metal Fiend were all destroyed without exception, and were then quickly transported out of the battlefield by the Grand Formation.

In an instant, the cultivators besieging the two of them suffered heavy losses.

Ning Zhuo's pupils also constricted slightly: "Metal Fiend Innate Talent, this is a counter to any metal! The Profound Armor Pieces are suppressed to death within this range."

The Rust Disaster Artisan gained the upper hand and successfully bought time for Ban Ji. Ban Ji stood up and threw himself back into the battle.

Ban Ji's face was full of resentment: "Ning Zhuo is the core. Let's join forces and take him out directly! At the critical moment, use all the means you have, don't hold back!"

After speaking, Ban Ji rushed out, shouting wildly, holding a Bronze wolf-tooth club high.

He came with menacing momentum, truly fighting with his life on the line, like a trapped beast driven to desperation!

The cultivators besieging the two of them had just been hit by a wave of the Metal Fiend. Regarding the many Profound Armor Pieces on hand, the vast majority reached the standard of being broken and were taken away by the formation.

The cultivators were feeling the pinch, and seeing Ban Ji's desperate charge, their will was naturally shaken, and they retreated one after another.

Their mindset was different from Ban Ji and the Rust Disaster Artisan.

They had been incited by Ning Zhuo. On one hand, they felt the pressure from Ban Ji and felt their situation was dangerous; on the other hand, they had their eyes on Ning Zhuo's reward and came to take advantage of the situation.

Now, Ban Ji and the Rust Disaster Artisan were beaten until they were covered in injuries, with some wounds being a bloody mess, which drastically reduced the pressure in everyone's hearts. More critically, they had just suffered a painful loss under the Metal Fiend Innate Talent.

As a result, the cultivators' conviction to fight hard became quite weak, and they were unwilling to rush to the very front.

The Rust Disaster Artisan followed Ban Ji's counter-charge and, facing little resistance, successfully rushed in front of Ning Zhuo.

Clang clang clang...

Ning Zhuo held his shield high, steadily blocking Ban Ji's wolf-tooth club that was being waved almost into a blur.

The Rust Disaster Artisan sneered: "Relying on a shield, are you? I'll destroy it for you right now!"

Before his voice had died away, he slapped out a large amount of Metal Element baleful energy.

Ning Zhuo wanted to retreat, but Ban Ji attacked wildly from the side, temporarily entangling Ning Zhuo's footsteps.

The surrounding cultivators could have acted to rescue him, but they were all a beat too slow.

Their hearts were not united!

In the entire arena, only Ning Zhuo possessed the sole shield; this was a visible advantage.

Others had to use Bronze weapons to attack in place of defense, but Ning Zhuo could rely on a shield to make his defense watertight.

Everyone was here to participate in the Cloud Rising Minor Trial. At the moment, Ban Ji appeared weak while Ning Zhuo was strong, so their other thoughts began to surge.

Seeing that Ning Zhuo's shield was about to be tainted by the Metal Fiend, the people from the Profound Armor Cave who had been watching the battle were not worried at all.

The next moment, Ning Zhuo flicked his long sleeve, throwing out a piece of Profound Weapon Armor. It instantly took shape above Ning Zhuo's head, transforming into a Bronze fan.

It was precisely Ning Zhuo's sixth Profound Weapon Armor!

The fan waved continuously, sending out a dozen wind blades to sweep away the Metal Fiend.

Then it shook violently, unleashing surging waves of fire to force back Ban Ji.

Ban Ji shouted unwillingly, his eyes bloodshot from the agitation.

Ning Zhuo regrouped and shouted: "Fellow Daoists, let's get rid of this powder-thrower together first!"

If it were other weapons, engaging in close combat might be countered by the Metal Fiend. But Ning Zhuo's Bronze fan was more skilled at long-range attacks. By avoiding contact, the Rust Disaster Artisan's threat was instantly compressed significantly.

Seeing Ning Zhuo take the lead again and rush to the very front, the cultivators immediately became active again.

Cultivator Hao watched with arms folded. Seeing this moment, his eyes shone with brilliance, and his evaluation of Ning Zhuo continued to rise: "This junior Ning Zhuo is truly formidable. Not only is his comprehension extremely high, but his Righteous Path manipulation skills are also extremely seasoned."

Ning Zhuo sharply perceived the change in people's hearts, so he wisely abandoned Ban Ji and went to deal with the Rust Disaster Artisan.

In everyone's eyes, Ning Zhuo and Ban Ji were both children of great clans, the faces of geniuses; the cost of offending them was very high. But the Rust Disaster Artisan was different; he was a Demonic Cultivator, a loner.

On the other hand, the Rust Disaster Artisan's Innate Talent, Metal Fiend, truly countered the Profound Armor Pieces too much. Outside, cultivators might have other methods to supplement and alleviate this counter relationship. But in the trial inside the cave, what everyone relied on most was the Profound Armor.

A handful of gold powder from the Rust Disaster Artisan could cause the vast majority of Bronze weapons to rust and be eliminated.

This threat was too great!

To deal with Ban Ji, others would hesitate, worried about letting Ning Zhuo become too big to fail and becoming the final threat. Dealing with the Rust Disaster Artisan was what everyone wanted!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two wind blades took advantage of the moment when the Rust Disaster Artisan was stretched thin, cutting through his defense line and hitting his shoulder, chopping off one of his arms on the spot.

There was no fresh blood, and the wound was not flesh and blood, but a cross-section of metal.

But this was enough!

"No!" Ban Ji roared in anger, but he was in danger himself and could only watch helplessly as the Rust Disaster Artisan was submerged by the subsequent wave of attacks.

The Rust Disaster Artisan endured for a few breaths before being judged as eliminated and transported out by the Grand Formation.

"It's your turn!" Ning Zhuo's gaze was piercing as he stared at Ban Ji with awe-inspiring righteousness.

Ban Ji's face was deathly pale.

Lu Zeng, meanwhile, was retreating in defeat.

His weapons had already been consumed, leaving only two pieces; the disadvantage was simply too great.

"Although I'm very unwilling, I'm powerless to reverse the situation this time." Lu Zeng sighed helplessly in his heart.

Just as he wanted to speak up and admit defeat, a mysterious voice was conveyed to him, informing him of his own various performances in the second level.

"Who are you? What do you want?" Lu Zeng instantly regained hope; he sharply perceived a conspiracy and chaos. And changes in the situation were exactly the opportunity he had been bitterly waiting for.

The mysterious voice responded quickly: "I must first prove to you that I have the ability to detect the intelligence of everyone in the second level."

"Now, I will tell you a key piece of information - among you three Golden Core experts, Tie Zheng is the strongest, surpassing you two by a stretch. It is all because he possesses a Blade Beast, which is modified from a Profound Armament Armor!"

Lu Zeng responded with a bitter smile: "Telling me how strong Tie Zheng is, what use is that? Hurry up and tell me his weakness! I can't hold on much longer!"

The mysterious voice, however, chuckled.

Lu Zeng reacted quickly: "Wait a minute..."

He suddenly understood the intent of the mysterious disruptor!

In this moment, he saw the hope of breaking the deadlock!

He immediately used his divine sense to secretly transmit a thought to Ao Pan.

Ao Pan's expression did not change, but there was a tremor in his heart. Just now, he had also been informed by the mysterious voice of his own performance in the second level, as well as the major trump card of Tie Zheng possessing a Blade Beast.

This gave Ao Pan a brand-new judgment of the situation.

He only hesitated slightly before agreeing to Lu Zeng's proposal to join forces.

Snap.

A Bronze long whip launched a surprise attack on Tie Zheng. Lu Zeng seized the momentum to swing his sword, slicing open Tie Zheng's chest, sending fresh blood flying.

Tie Zheng retreated explosively, staring deathly at Ao Pan: "You're betraying me too?!"