Chapter 774: Mysterious Immortal Talent 

Ning Zhuo quietly returned to his cave dwelling.

After a hurried meeting with Old Chef, Qing Chi, and Gongsun Yan, he dove headfirst into the martial arts formation to enter seclusion.

His feelings in many areas were vastly different from before.

The most direct change was his five senses.

Ning Zhuo frowned slightly and focused his gaze; immediately, his vision cleared. Distant scenes looked as if they had been magnified by half, while nearby objects were revealed in the finest detail.

He took out a stone piece and stared at it closely; he could distinguish the finest sedimentary layers of the rock. Taking out a piece of wooden material, even if the exterior was worn, he could still clearly see the grain of the growth rings.

He summoned Gongsun Yan and asked him to use spiritual energy to roughly control a Green Bamboo Puppet to attack him.

Ning Zhuo, however, closed his eyes, blocking off his sense of smell and touch, relying only on his hearing.

Once he entered a combat state, his hearing immediately became acute, accurately capturing every piece of information regarding the battle from the chaotic noise. The footsteps of the Green Bamboo Puppet, the sound of Gongsun Yan’s breathing. Ning Zhuo could even sense a trace of Gongsun Yan’s curiosity and fighting intent.

After exchanging blows with the Green Bamboo Puppet for a moment, he heard the engagement rhythm of their internal mechanisms and the buzzing of spiritual energy flow from the sounds made by their movements. This allowed him to clearly grasp the strengths, weaknesses, and details of these Green Bamboo Puppets.

"Capturing sounds in battle is the principle of the Military Strategist path benefiting me. Being able to hear the sounds inside the Green Bamboo Puppet is the principle of mechanical arts added to my body."

These were things Ning Zhuo did not possess before.

He asked Gongsun Yan to withdraw, put away the puppets, and began attempting artifact refining.

He urged his spiritual energy to form a flame. As he scorched the wood, he listened carefully, hearing the subtle sound of tongues of fire licking the wood's surface and the crackling sound of the wood itself.

At a certain moment, he suddenly withdrew the flame. He took out the wood and inspected it, immediately discovering that, just as he had heard, the roasting was perfectly done!

"From this, it seems that with the principles of artifact refining added to my body, my ability to process materials has skyrocketed by dozens of times."

And this was a conservative estimate.

Ning Zhuo’s nose twitched, and he used his tongue to taste, testing the improvement of his sense of smell and taste.

He could now distinguish a vast number of subtle scents from the air, and to some extent, trace them back to their source.

Not to mention his perception of mechanical constructs and the like.

His sense of touch had also improved drastically.

Ning Zhuo brushed his fingertips slightly over a rock and could clearly perceive its hardness and potential fracture planes.

He cast out the Life Hanging by a Thread spiritual energy threads to control the mechanical constructs, discovering that he could perform fine manipulations far beyond what was previously possible. A small movement of hooking a finger, which he did before, could now be broken down into at least three different detailed layers.

He took out a magic artifact. Just by stroking it, he could perceive the precise state of the formation patterns and talisman runes on it, whether they were worn, and the degree of the wear.

After testing his five senses, Ning Zhuo discovered that his perceptual abilities in the Military Strategist path, mechanics, and artifact refining had experienced explosive growth.

The Military Strategist path gave him greater combat capability, while mechanics and artifact refining made his heart itch, wishing he could start refining magic artifacts and manufacturing mechanisms on a large scale right now.

Within the formation space of the martial arts field, Ning Zhuo began to move his body.

He extended his arms and threw punches, shaking his muscles. He found that when he exerted force, his muscles twisted together like tempered steel wires. When not exerting force, they remained loose as usual.

His bones had become extremely hard, comparable to certain metallic precious materials.

His physical strength hadn't increased much, but the application of his strength had become extremely precise and controllable.

Ning Zhuo tried pinching a piece of stone material. He gradually increased the force, able to keep the stone's breakage completely under his own control.

His skin membrane was much tougher than before, simply like wearing a layer of thin armor, yet its weight hadn't changed in the slightest.

Ning Zhuo used weapons like swords and clubs to gesture against his own body for a while. He discovered that he had a stronger resistance to piercing and cutting damage.

Click.

Ning Zhuo gave his arm only a slight shake, and it dislocated.

He then gently exerted force to retract it.

Click.

The dislocation was gone.

Ning Zhuo moved his four limbs, performing various actions. He discovered that his control over his limbs had reached an unprecedented level.

"I feel like I've become a mechanical puppet. My joints are sturdy and flexible; every movement can be broken down and executed with extreme precision."

He roasted himself with fire, froze himself with frost, struck himself with electric currents, and cut himself with wind blades...

"Sure enough."

"My physical body has a massive resistance to attacks of the Five Elements and so on, surging at least seventy times higher than before."

He utilized the Keeping Clumsiness Rotating Slash Formation, and indeed found that controlling it was hundreds of times easier than when he was in the Profound Armor Cave.

After practicing for a while, inspiration burst forth in his divine sea, allowing him to see many shortcomings in this battle formation, which could definitely be improved further.

Sun Lingtong had been observing Ning Zhuo through the Life Hanging by a Thread.

The worry in his heart largely dissipated, and he exclaimed, "Little Zhuo, your physical body holds a great secret; it is extremely unusual! With so many principles added to your body, there is surprisingly no conflict at all. This is simply a miracle."

"Do you know what this means?"

Ning Zhuo nodded slightly: "I understand."

When cultivators cultivate, they inevitably have principles added to their bodies.

For example, if a cultivator practices a Wood Element cultivation art, they adopt Wood Element spiritual energy, circulating it continuously inside and outside their body along a certain path. While increasing the total amount of spiritual energy, the relevant principles of the Wood Element are imprinted on their body bit by bit.

Whichever cultivation art one practices, the corresponding principles will be added to the body.

After the principles are added, the cultivator will have realizations regarding the principles of that aspect. Even if their original comprehension was poor, their affinity will grant them excellent understanding.

What you become often dictates what you can understand better.

Cultivators cannot casually dual cultivate cultivation arts.

On one hand, the foundation of a cultivation art lies in the Three Dantians, and there are at most three. On the other hand, different cultivation arts modify a cultivator's physical body and soul differently; the directions are different, and the effects are different.

Often, these effects will cancel each other out. For instance, a soft art and a hard art. Sometimes, the cultivation effects will even conflict, bringing harm to the cultivator. For example, if a cultivator practices a Fire Element art and a Water Element art simultaneously, it usually causes a severe backlash of fire and water incompatibility.

Therefore, the Three Sects' Supreme Methods are the top cultivation arts in the world. This is because the three arts focus on the Three Dantians, and the cultivation processes do not conflict.

"I cannot cultivate a fourth cultivation art." Ning Zhuo had already learned a profound lesson on this point.

That was when he went to the Thousand Peaks Forest and subconsciously cultivated the Great Art of Heaven and Earth Embryonic Breathing, resulting in a physical backlash.

"But I can use other methods to add principles to my physical body and soul, accumulating foundation!"

The three cultivation arts Ning Zhuo mainly practiced did not help his physical body much, but the Heaven and Earth Nurtured Embryonic Breath Grand Method could. Ning Zhuo couldn't cultivate it, but he could help himself through the Embryonic Breath Spirit Boat.

So, even if he didn't cultivate, he could still have the relevant principles added to his body.

"To some extent, the Embryonic Breath Spirit Boat, the Stone-Cast Earth Treasure, and the Shuyu Courtyard are the same. These three are a magic treasure, a divine ability, and a cave dwelling respectively. They seem different, but they all inject principles into other things." Ning Zhuo understood clearly in his heart.

The Embryonic Breath Spirit Boat could enhance a cultivator's physical body foundation.

The Stone-Cast Earth Treasure could turn mortal objects into Earth Treasures.

The Shuyu Courtyard was similar, injecting principles into stones to improve their quality, forming pieces of beautiful jade of various categories.

Thinking of this, Ning Zhuo speculated, "My ability to carry different principles means I can utilize any method under the heavens to bless myself and increase my foundation."

"Of course, there should be a limit to this as well."

"Is this caused by my Immortal Talent?"

Sun Lingtong pondered: "When we were at the Myriad Medicine Sect, the Five Elements God Lord specifically warned you not to investigate your Immortal Talent, as it would be detrimental to you."

"Since he has already imparted the Five Elements True Intent to you, he shouldn't be harming you."

"Little Zhuo, instead of investigating the Immortal Talent on your body, it's better to focus on the Flying Cloud Assembly at hand. There are opportunities everywhere here!"

Ning Zhuo nodded, fully agreeing with Sun Lingtong's view.

After the small test in the Profound Armor Cave, Ning Zhuo's path of cultivation had a completely new landscape.

"I've made considerable progress in the Military Strategist path; I should be able to fully comprehend the Hero's Return Technique. By further utilizing Ancient Shared - Battle Armor and Gao Sheng's Lost Writings, I can acquire a second Military Strategist battle formation."

"I have already become a Grandmaster of mechanics. Can the difficult ailments afflicting Yuan Dasheng, Meng Yehu, and even my mother be solved?"

"In terms of artifact refining, I have also become a Renowned Artisan. This is one of the four great arts of the cultivation world; it provides a comprehensive, fundamental, and huge boost to my cultivation of mechanical arts and even other skills!"

"What's even better is that this reward is only known to me and Qingwu Langjun's side; the outside world knows nothing about it."

"If it were exposed, I'm afraid it would set off a vortex of public opinion!"

"Right now, the matter spreading my fame is merely that I took first place and defeated Ban Ji for the second time."

"Ban Ji..."

Thinking of this opponent, Ning Zhuo couldn't help but let his eyes shine with brilliance.

"It would be best to find out Ban Ji's new movements."

"Fate seems to link me with this person. Why do I feel that I can harvest even more from him?"

Just as Ning Zhuo was planning, a jade talisman was delivered to his cave dwelling and fell into his hand.

Ning Zhuo swept it with his divine sense and revealed a look of surprise: "Oh? The duel between Situ Xing and Zhu Fenxiang has ended. Situ Xing was heavily injured and defeated, and Zhu Fenxiang is also injured quite badly!"

"Excellent. Once this battle result is out, the gazes of all the cultivators will immediately shift from me to the two of them."

"Especially Zhu Fenxiang."

Ning Zhuo picked up the jade talisman: "I'd like to see the scene of this battle."

Bystanders could not view the specific battle scenes, but Ning Zhuo was good friends with Shen Xi and Lin Jinglong.

The two of them were at the scene and had secretly recorded the battle with spells.

This jade talisman came from Shen Xi.

He took the initiative to convey this intelligence to Ning Zhuo so that Ning Zhuo could better guard against Situ Xing.

As Ning Zhuo infused his spiritual energy and divine sense into the jade talisman, the battle scene concerning Situ Xing and Zhu Fenxiang emerged in the high sky of Ning Zhuo's divine sea.

"Zhu Fenxiang, challenging me is your biggest mistake!" Situ Xing shouted, the space behind him rippling as seven brilliant sword lights emerged.

The sword lights surrounded Situ Xing's body, immediately forming a Northern Dipper Seven Luminaries Sword Formation. The sword lights shone brightly, displaying deep blue starlight.

Zhu Fenxiang's yellow robes fluttered in the wind; his hands formed seals with lightning speed, while he chanted ancient divine words in a low voice.

Divine Summoning Art - Northern Xuanwu!

Divine light shot into the sky, instantly condensing into a Xuanwu Divine Body several zhang tall. The turtle shell was boundless and solid as a rock. The snake raised its head and coiled, its gaze locking onto the Northern Dipper Seven Luminaries Sword Formation.

A fierce glint flashed in Situ Xing's eyes, and he attacked first.

He pointed with his hand, and the twin star sword lights representing Merak (Tian Xuan) and Phecda (Tian Ji) in the Northern Dipper Sword Formation suddenly blazed intensely. They shot out impressively, piercing the air and emitting a sharp whistling sound as they stabbed toward the Xuanwu Divine Body.

Boom!

The sword lights collided violently with the Xuanwu Divine Body. Sword beams, starlight, and divine light splashed madly, and the space twisted violently.

The Xuanwu Divine Body trembled violently; cracks appeared on the turtle shell, and the Xuanwu Divine Body was forced to retreat a few steps.

Zhu Fenxiang's face turned slightly pale, and he used the Divine Summoning Art again.

In the next moment, a giant's divine body appeared on the battlefield - it was the Giant Spirit God.

The Giant Spirit God focused on offense, while the Northern Xuanwu focused on defense, resisting Situ Xing's attacks.

Situ Xing was surrounded by seven sword lights forming a battle formation, which could be described as an integration of offense and defense.

He did not clash head-on but engaged in guerrilla tactics everywhere, causing the scene to fall into a stalemate.

Ning Zhuo watched the two going back and forth, sighing in his heart: "The Northern Xuanwu and the Giant Spirit God are both bodies created out of thin air, yet they both possess Golden Core-level combat power."

"Situ Xing's Northern Dipper Seven Luminaries Sword Formation, once established, allows him to fight back and forth with Golden Core cultivators."

Situ Xing and Zhu Fenxiang were both at the peak of Foundation Establishment, possessing profound accumulation and superb cultivation talent, so they both possessed Golden Core-level combat power.

It was only the first round of confrontation, yet both had exposed their true combat power.

Ning Zhuo was not surprised in the slightest.

Every time the Flying Cloud Assembly was held, it allowed the Myriad Manifestations Sect to make a name for itself within the Flying Cloud Kingdom. At the same time, it attracted outsiders to join, and the terms were quite generous.

Among this vast tide of people, the geniuses who could stand out were inevitably those who were well-known within a country or had a slight reputation.

It was not strange for their combat power to rival the Golden Core.

Pa.

Zhu Fenxiang clapped his palms together and used the Divine Summoning Art again, inviting a Martial God.

Three gods drove temporary divine bodies, surrounding Situ Xing and chasing him all over the place.

Situ Xing gradually fell to a disadvantage and was anxious to turn the tide, but every result was vastly different from his expectations.

"Urgh!" Situ Xing roared like a beast, his eyes filled with bloodshot veins.

He urged the sword incantation in his hands to the limit, burning the true essence within his body along with his vital essence blood! The Alkaid (Yao Guang) star position in the Northern Dipper Sword Formation erupted with unprecedentedly tragic light, and the light of the other six stars was forcibly extracted and gathered together, forming a condensed sword beam as thick as a baby's forearm.

Carrying Situ Xing's hopes, the sword beam shot through the air, piercing through the Northern Xuanwu, and clashed with the Martial God, inextricably locked in combat.

The Giant Spirit God, however, became free and fought his way in front of Situ Xing.

Situ Xing retreated again and again, barely maintaining the situation with the sword formation.

The good times didn't last long; the Giant Spirit God seized a combat opportunity and cast a divine art, destroying the sword formation.

Once the sword formation was gone, the seven sword lights around Situ Xing all reverted to their original appearances.

His face was ashen, and he was forced to reveal a trump card ahead of time.

As soon as the trump card came out, the tide of battle changed immediately.

But if Situ Xing had such a trump card, Zhu Fenxiang, who came to battle in person, naturally had a corresponding trump card as well.