Chapter 777: Is This Kid Even Human?!

Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard could discern the quality of the Earth Pulse Dragon Marrow Incense, but what He was inhaling at this moment granted Him benefits of an even higher tier.

The answer flashed through True Lord Shutu's mind: "This is Zhu Fenxiang's innate talent, Incense Ascending to Heaven."

Zhu Fenxiang possessed the Incense Ascending to Heaven, which could raise the quality of offered incense by an entire level. This was extremely compatible for cultivating the Divine Summoning Art. Its effect might seem subtle, but it was unadorned and possessed immense practical value.

It was precisely because True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard valued this advantage of Zhu Fenxiang that He had chosen her as one of His important believers.

Seeing the descent of True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard, Zhu Fenxiang hurriedly knelt and bowed, using her divine sense, her tone and expression filled with the utmost sincerity as she apologized for her offenses.

She regarded True Lord Shutu as the primary god of her cultivation, so she understood True Lord Shutu's temperament very well. In the previous fierce battle against Situ Xing, she had developed friction with True Lord Shutu's clone, and their lack of complete coordination had led to the exposure of a weakness.

Zhu Fenxiang knew very well that she had already incurred True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard's distaste.

"Therefore, this time, I am using this opportunity with Ning Zhuo to make a heavy offering and sacrifice to True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard. Regardless of the outcome, it should at least allow me to eliminate the rift with my primary god."

Zhu Fenxiang was using public office for private gain, harboring such a calculation in secret.

True Lord Shutu scolded Zhu Fenxiang with a few words, stating that out of consideration for her past offerings, He would spare her this time. He then asked her about the purpose of this divine summoning.

Having achieved her primary goal, Zhu Fenxiang was filled with joy and hurriedly made her report.

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard naturally noticed Ning Zhuo, the outsider. He thought that making a small move to solve a problem and receiving several times the offering in return - why not do it?

Zhu Fenxiang was not surprised that True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard would agree. She had already probed the details of Meng Yehu and knew that the Earth Element Divine Art within was merely profound and sophisticated, but its actual power was not great. For True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard, it would be as easy as lifting a hand.

This was also one of the reasons Zhu Fenxiang had the confidence to promise Ning Zhuo that she could resolve this matter.

Still maintaining her kneeling posture, Zhu Fenxiang turned her head to congratulate Ning Zhuo : "The God has already agreed. Young Master Ning, quickly take out that Mechanical Puppet."

Ning Zhuo's face lit up with joy. To be able to solve a problem with money - that was truly wonderful.

Immediately, he took out Meng Yehu.

"Hmm?!" True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard swept His divine sense over it, and upon perceiving Meng Yehu's state, His heart shook.

"This is the Divine Art : Impure Earth Placenta! This spiritual energy signature... that's right, it is the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord."

"The Divided Spirit cultivated by the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord is the Earthly Fiend Turbid Filth God."

"But rumors say that after he went through a life-and-death battle, this Divided Spirit was already dissipated."

"Does this mean this tiny Mechanical Puppet participated in that great war?"

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard immediately locked onto Ning Zhuo with His divine sense, carefully scrutinizing the big-headed youth while muttering in His heart: "What is this background of this youth?"

The Forgetful River Prefecture Lord was the monarch of a kingdom in the Underworld.

Currently in the Underworld, the great war between the Forgetful River Prefecture and the Ghostfire Prefecture had long been ongoing from start to finish.

At first, outsiders could not understand at all why the Ghostfire Prefecture had gone mad, mobilizing on such a massive scale to launch a total war of extermination against the Forgetful River Prefecture !

Was the Ghostfire Prefecture not afraid that other Prefectures bordering it would take the opportunity to strike?

But as the war progressed and the Ghostfire Prefecture advanced on all fronts, outsiders saw that the Forgetful River Prefecture was strong on the outside but weak on the inside.

Only then did they realize that the Ghostfire Prefecture must have known some inside information, confirming that the Forgetful River Prefecture was extremely weak and that it was a perfect opportunity for invasion - that was why they acted this way!

The total war between the Forgetful River Prefecture and the Ghostfire Prefecture was raging like a fire. According to common sense, the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord should have already utilized various national arts to resist the foreign enemy, fully exploiting his home-field advantage.

But he rarely made a move, and the truth of his weakness was exposed to all.

Outsiders naturally investigated the reason frantically, and they found out about a battle the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord had engaged in previously.

Much intelligence regarding this battle had been strictly blockaded by the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord. For the sake of his own interests, the Ghostfire Prefecture Lord did not expose it either. Both sides had a natural tacit understanding in this regard.

In the Underworld, countless cultivators and forces cast their gazes upon this vast and tragic national war.

Although True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard had the identity of a Living Realm cultivator, he had achieved godhood in the Underworld, so He naturally paid close attention as well.

Now, placed before Him was a precious clue within easy reach!

"My God?" Seeing that True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard did not respond, Zhu Fenxiang began to feel uneasy.

According to past experience, True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was quite decisive in handling matters; once He agreed, He would act directly, His style swift and resolute.

His main body was in the Underworld. Separated by a layer, channeling Divine Power and Divine Arts into the Living Realm consumed a significant amount of resources.

Although True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was a Great God, His foundation was not deep; He had not been promoted to a Great God for long. Everything had to be calculated carefully.

This also meant He had a massive demand for offerings.

He was a good god with quite a reputation for getting things done once paid.

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was indeed hesitating. He casually comforted Zhu Fenxiang with a sentence, then pressed her for Ning Zhuo's identity.

Zhu Fenxiang felt even more surprised; this was a situation that had never happened before. True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was proud - why would He suddenly be interested in Ning Zhuo, an outsider?

"Could it be that the Soul Formation-level existence who acted upon this tiger-headed Mechanical Puppet has triggered the God's apprehension?"

"Who exactly did Ning Zhuo provoke?"

Zhu Fenxiang's understanding of Ning Zhuo was not extensive; most of it was limited to his various performances after coming to the Flying Cloud Kingdom and entering the Myriad Manifestations Sect main gate.

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was very unsatisfied with this intelligence and immediately wanted to use a Divine Art to investigate.

However, using a Divine Art to detect someone right to their face was highly offensive behavior. Although True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was a Great God, He placed considerable importance on Ning Zhuo and did not wish to offend him casually - what if He kicked an iron plate?

A character who could cause the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord to take action was certainly not simple!

Zhu Fenxiang's intelligence also highlighted Ning Zhuo's genius performance, as well as the mysterious and powerful forces behind him.

"I have it. My Divine Art [Silent Observation of Worldly Ties]. Although it cannot directly detect fate and luck, it can see a person's various worldly ties. I can use this to indirectly calculate the person's strength, temperament, and even destiny."

Although the cost of casting this Divine Art was quite high, True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard looked at Meng Yehu and felt that there was immense value this time, making it worth His while to cast it.

Divine Art  - Silent Observation of Worldly Ties!

The next moment, light and shadows dazzled before True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard's eyes, moving like a galloping horse.

He saw Ning Zhuo standing with piles of corpses beneath his feet, blood soaking through broken armor, his eyes burning with a wildfire that could scorch the heavens. He also saw Ning Zhuo piloting a huge mechanical beast, maneuvering freely across the battlefield, sending heads rolling as countless enemy cultivators were crushed into meat paste. He also saw Ning Zhuo leading a great army, with countless cultivators following closely behind him, while a massive enemy force stood on the opposite battle line...

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard: "What a mountain of corpses and sea of blood... This youth will become a famous general of his generation, his name shaking the world?!"

He saw an orchid boat under the moon, a simple-robed woman playing the zither and smiling faintly, lying in Ning Zhuo's embrace. He also saw a red candle wedding hall, a veil being lifted, and a female cultivator looking at Ning Zhuo with endless love. He also saw many female cultivators surrounding Ning Zhuo, fighting each other, forming a veritable Shura field...

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard: "Young man, you play quite wild. Huh, I seem to see Zhu Fenxiang, and the figure of her mother."

He continued to look, seeing Ning Zhuo draped in Daoist vestments of the Profound Gate, receiving a title amidst ten thousand rays of rosy light, with the crowd below cheering like a tide, praising him as a model of the Righteous Path. He also saw Ning Zhuo situated in a gloomy underground cave, coldly looking down as evil cultivators blood-sacrificed ten thousand souls, the formation plate he toyed with in his hand being precisely the Core of the Altar...

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was somewhat puzzled: "Is this child righteous or demonic?"

He then saw a Mechanical Puppet launching a sneak attack from behind, its sharp claws piercing through Ning Zhuo's back and protruding from his chest. He also saw Ning Zhuo being planted with a Love Gu, suffering as the Gu worms gnawed his meridians, the pain making him wish for death. He also saw Ning Zhuo burning all over with Red Lotus Karmic Fire, burning to ash. He also saw Ning Zhuo being beheaded, blood spraying like a fountain, sending his big head flying...

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was stunned: "H-How does this kid have so many Calamities ? Such an ill-fated life, he is simply the star of disaster among stars of disaster!"

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard saw more and more.

He saw Ning Zhuo becoming a great Confucian cultivator, his writings becoming classics, receiving praise from the whole world. He also saw him setting up a Human Emperor Banner and burning scriptures and burying scholars, becoming the common enemy of all Confucian cultivators in the world.

He saw Ning Zhuo casting Five Elements Spells, establishing distinct Five Elements gods, and benefiting the mortal world. He also saw him attempting to dominate the Five Elements and enslave heaven and earth, provoking a terrifying Divine Retribution, with thunderbolts of immense power striking him for eighty-one days straight.

......

"Something is wrong, something is wrong, something is wrong!"

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard realized something was amiss and cried out in His heart.

His Divine Art [Silent Observation of Worldly Ties] could observe the past, present, and future - everything that had happened, was happening, or could happen surrounding the target.

As a result, He discovered that this fellow Ning Zhuo was simply not human; he was a moving star of disaster, susceptible to misfortune at every minute and second.

The fact that he was still alive now was already extremely baffling to True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard.

He also discovered that the countless possibilities regarding Ning Zhuo were full of contradictions, some even completely opposite.

"What is going on with this kid? He could be a great philanthropist, or he could be a heinous villain?"

"What kind of temperament is this? Is he split? Has he gone into deviation?"

"Abnormal, abnormal, very abnormal!"

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard activated the Divine Art and detected Ning Zhuo for a round, and He was completely stupefied.

Is this kid even human?!

He had collected countless classics, relied on a lifetime of cultivation experience, as well as fragmentary divination texts obtained by luck, and gone through untold hardships to create this Divine Art to fulfill his own Dao Path.

He was True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard; "Suppressing Prison" represented His requirement to punish evil.

With the Divine Art [Silent Observation of Worldly Ties], He could gain insight into a criminal's past, present, and future, judge the magnitude of their crimes, their true temperament, and whether they had an inner change of heart towards repentance.

As a result, He tested Ning Zhuo and could not determine Ning Zhuo's past, present, or future at all, nor could He judge his sins, temperament, and so on.

"What is the situation?!" For True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard, this was unprecedented.

He didn't believe in heresy, so He immediately used it again.

After testing, He was completely numb.

The statue avatar widened its eyes, staring blankly at Ning Zhuo, roaring in its heart: "Is this kid even human?!"

This time, the countless scenes He detected were completely different from the previous round.

But it was still countless scenes, emerging and vanishing like lightning, dazzling True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard's eyes, leaving Him at a loss and unable to judge.

"Perhaps he carries some kind of heavy treasure that happens to counter my Divine Art investigation?"

After True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard went numb, He thought of a reliable explanation.

"My God?" Zhu Fenxiang called out again.

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard had been dazed for too long, and the changes in the statue's expression were quite drastic. It was the first time Zhu Fenxiang had seen this, feeling as if she had summoned a fake.

In past interactions, True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was always high above, looking down on Zhu Fenxiang. Now, with such a shocked expression, He had no grace at all.

"Ahem." True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard, reminded by Zhu Fenxiang, composed His expression and used the avatar to speak, "This is a small matter; I will take action."

"However..."

He changed the subject: "Young Ning Zhuo, I see that your bone structure is unique and quite pleasing to my eye. Your fate is truly ill-starred, with heavy tribulations. It would be a true pity if such a romantic genius were to be beaten down by wind and rain one day."

"If you offer to Me, I can be your Guardian God!"

Ning Zhuo was stunned.

What was the situation?

He just asked the God to act and solve Meng Yehu's predicament; how did it suddenly turn into wanting offerings?

The big-headed youth looked puzzled and glanced at Zhu Fenxiang, his eyes seeming to ask the latter: "Is this Great God you worship always like this?"

Then, he saw Zhu Fenxiang with wide eyes and a slightly open mouth, wearing a look of disbelief.

In this instant, Zhu Fenxiang suffered a massive psychological blow!

In the past, how much effort had she made, praying sincerely and continuously, spending countless assets, before she obtained True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard's recognition and invited Him to become her Guardian God?

But now!

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard and Ning Zhuo were meeting for the first time. Ning Zhuo hadn't even performed a kneeling bow, yet True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard actively requested to become Ning Zhuo's Guardian God?!

"Then... then what do all my past efforts and hardships count for?!!"

True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was a Great God and did not fear the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord. He was not afraid of offending the latter by helping Ning Zhuo. Moreover, this was the Living Realm; perhaps the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord would be kept in the dark for his whole life.

After all, the Forgetful River Prefecture's situation was truly not good.

It was the first time True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard had seen a strange person like Ning Zhuo - simply a special case among special cases.

His lower limit was extremely low; perhaps he would die violently from bad luck in the next moment. But his upper limit was extremely high; laying out plans to dominate hegemony was entirely possible.

Even if a heavy treasure had defended against the Divine Art [Silent Observation of Worldly Ties], Ning Zhuo's connection to the precious intelligence regarding the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord alone was worth True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard establishing a close relationship with him.

Seeing Zhu Fenxiang's shocked expression, Ning Zhuo knew that the latter could not be relied upon.

Facing the olive branch suddenly extended by True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard, his thoughts moved like lightning, and he immediately made a judgment: "To receive the Great God's favor is this lowly one's honor!"

Ning Zhuo agreed very decisively.

Zhu Fenxiang and True Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard already knew about the Meng Yehu matter, and they were the most suitable candidates. Furthermore, having a Great God become a Guardian God was in itself a great thing.

He'd do it!