Chapter 779: Planning

"Xuanhuang Mother Qi..." Ning Zhuo pondered for a moment.

He knew that this precious material was rare in the world and possessed a peculiar and wonderful utility - it could transform into any kind of precious material in the world!

Precisely because of this, it bore the title of "Mother Qi."

Whether it is a cultivator or spirituality, fundamentally, they are also precious materials. Just more complex. For example, the human body possesses the five viscera, six bowels, flesh, blood, skin, tendons, and so on.

Xuanhuang Mother Qi can not only nourish spirituality; theoretically speaking, it can nourish all things in the world.

Ning Zhuo's heart stirred slightly: "If I can obtain the Xuanhuang Mother Qi, would it be of help to Mother?"

"Xuanhuang Mother Qi is extremely precious. To trade for it and get it into my hands will likely be very difficult."

Ning Zhuo's expectations for this were very small, but he still expressed his gratitude to Zhu Fenxiang.

Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard withdrew His divine sense and divine power, leaving the place. Before departing, He also instructed Ning Zhuo to prepare a divine statue as soon as possible and carry it with him, so that in future battles, he could call upon His name.

This treatment once again stirred up a wave of emotion in Zhu Fenxiang's heart.

She took Ning Zhuo away from this place and led him into the study.

As soon as Ning Zhuo took a seat, he indicated that he could sign the covenant with Zhu Fenxiang.

Zhu Fenxiang waved her hand and shook her head, indicating there was no need for that.

"You are already one of our own." Zhu Fenxiang smiled.

Ning Zhuo had already become a believer of Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard, although the degree of this faith was highly questionable.

But both Ning and Zhu now had a closer connection because of this, and the relationship between them had indeed undergone a huge change.

Zhu Fenxiang had received careful cultivation since childhood and was an elite of a major clan. She was willing to place bets, so naturally, she also understood how to win people's hearts.

Ning Zhuo naturally knew of such Righteous Path methods, but inevitably, his expression still softened a bit.

Zhu Fenxiang's attitude change was naturally due to Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard.

"Why would Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard take the initiative to become my Guardian God?" On this point, Ning Zhuo also had a guess.

"Perhaps, He sensed the spiritual energy aura of the Forgetful River Prefecture Lord on Meng Yehu's body?"

"If it was because of this that I gained Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard's favor, then this benefit is still part of the spoils from the battle in the Forgetful River Prefecture."

Ning Zhuo secretly communicated with Sun Lingtong through the Life Hanging by a Thread.

Sun Lingtong frowned slightly, his small face full of worry: "If that's the case, the inside details involved here are much more complex, and also more dangerous."

After all, it involves an existence at the Soul Formation level, and also concerns the current war between the two nations of Forgetful River Prefecture and Ghostfire Prefecture.

Continuing the exchange with Zhu Fenxiang.

Ning Zhuo stated: After returning this time, by tomorrow at the latest, he would issue a statement: cutting off interactions with Situ Xing and formally reaching a covenant with Zhu Fenxiang.

Zhu Fenxiang's eyes flickered. After hesitating for a moment, she shook her head slightly: "There is no need to be in such a hurry."

"Fellow Daoist Ning Zhuo, I've thought about it carefully - why must we make our stance so public?"

"Wouldn't it be better to have a great talent like Fellow Daoist Ning Zhuo helping in secret?"

"When I was collecting intelligence, I discovered something very interesting."

"The group assembled by Situ Xing divides power according to chairs. He currently occupies the first chair, Shen Xi the second, Lin Jinglong the third, while you, Fellow Daoist Ning Zhuo, have not been ranked within it."

"If you were to become the person sitting in the first chair, would you be able to take charge of this group?"

Speaking up to here, Zhu Fenxiang smiled faintly and said with deep meaning: "I also found out that you, Fellow Daoist Ning Zhuo, have a good relationship with Shen Xi and Lin Jinglong, and have hosted banquets for the two of them many times."

"I wonder if Fellow Daoist Ning Zhuo is interested in this proposal of mine? In my opinion, you are much more qualified than Situ Xing!"

Zhu Fenxiang said these words not as flattery, but from the bottom of her heart.

Although Ning Zhuo had not publicly proven himself in the martial arts arena competitions, Lin Jinglong and Pi Fujie's Demon Cultivator subordinates had all suffered losses at his hands.

Zhu Fenxiang was aware of these battle achievements.

As Ning Zhuo's fame rose, more and more cultivators would also become aware of it.

Zhu Fenxiang also knew key intelligence that the public did not - Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard had already become Ning Zhuo's Guardian God. Her greatest trump card in battle was also Ning Zhuo's trump card.

"At the very least, if I were to fight Ning Zhuo, I probably wouldn't get any advantage."

Zhu Fenxiang couldn't help but imagine it for herself.

A thought suddenly flashed through her divine sea: "If Ning Zhuo and I call upon the God at the same time, whom would He help?"

Zhu Fenxiang couldn't help but tremble in her heart, subconsciously stopping this train of thought.

Hearing that Zhu Fenxiang was not rushing to demand that Ning Zhuo break ties with Situ Xing, but instead proposed a rather constructive opinion, Ning Zhuo showed a look of hesitation.

"This is indeed a good plan, but I need to think it over carefully," he said.

Zhu Fenxiang smiled faintly: "No rush, no rush."

Then, she invited Ning Zhuo to stay for a meal.

Ning Zhuo politely declined.

"Just as Fellow Daoist Zhu Fenxiang said earlier, we are all one of our own; missing this one meal doesn't matter. Moreover, there will definitely be plenty of opportunities in the future."

"Also, if we are to secretly execute Fellow Daoist Zhu Fenxiang's plan, we should maintain secrecy and shouldn't have too much contact. The more times and the longer we interact, the more detrimental it is to the plan."

Speaking of this, Ning Zhuo couldn't help but rejoice: When he came to find Zhu Fenxiang this time, he had concealed his identity.

"But there is still a small flaw." His eyes flashed, wanting to speak up to remind Zhu Fenxiang.

But on second thought, he did not speak up because of it.

After quickly bidding farewell to Zhu Fenxiang, Ning Zhuo took the rescued Meng Yehu and quietly returned to his Blue Stone Cave Dwelling.

He first reviewed the matter of going to seek Zhu Fenxiang this time.

Without a doubt, the gains far exceeded expectations!

He then focused his thoughts on Zhu Fenxiang's subsequent proposal.

"I challenge Situ Xing to a battle and drive him down from the first chair?"

"There is indeed a great possibility."

Ning Zhuo had just watched the battle between Situ Xing and Zhu Fenxiang not long ago. Having seen his many trump cards, he had confidence in his heart.

"But in this way, the enmity between me, Situ Xing, and the Situ Clan will become huge!"

Ning Zhuo's political acumen was not low.

He was clear in his heart: If he publicly announced leaving Situ Xing's small faction to join hands with Zhu Fenxiang, this conflict would not be major.

It would be a case of parting on good terms.

"It's even very likely that Situ Xing would breathe a sigh of relief because of my departure."

"But if I drive Situ Xing off the stage, it will undoubtedly ruin his plans, and will also cause me to completely provoke him, and subsequently provoke the Situ Clan."

Situ Xing was the face of the Situ Clan at the Foundation Establishment Stage, a signboard they had pushed forward. If Ning Zhuo drove Situ Xing out, he would also be slapping the face of the Situ Clan.

Although Ning Zhuo was not afraid of trouble, he still hoped that his enemies would be few and his friends would be many.

"This matter still needs to be discussed at length."

"I originally didn't have much conflict of interest with Situ Xing. The one who truly needs to strike at Situ Xing is Zhu Fenxiang. Although I have secretly allied with Zhu Fenxiang, I am not her subordinate."

Striking at Situ Xing was not Ning Zhuo's idea, but Zhu Fenxiang's pursuit of interest. But this matter could be negotiated.

"If the benefits are sufficient, it's not impossible to do."

The Situ Clan was a colossus, a Super Sect, but Ning Zhuo relied on the Myriad Manifestations Sect, so he wouldn't suffer terrifying counterattacks and targeting.

"Let's wait and see about this matter. It's best to wait until Zhu Fenxiang gets impatient and makes an offer first."

"No rush, no rush."

In this review, Ning Zhuo also excavated a new piece of intelligence.

This was something he hadn't noticed at the time.

"I was thinking before about looking for methods to nourish spirituality within the Myriad Manifestations Sect."

"But judging from Zhu Fenxiang's statement, this kind of method is quite rare even in the Myriad Manifestations Sect. She certainly grasps more intelligence about the Myriad Manifestations Sect than I do, but as far as she knows, there is only this one item, the Xuanhuang Mother Qi, that can be used to nourish spirituality..."

Viewed from the side, this meant there were no other methods for nourishing spirituality. Otherwise, Zhu Fenxiang would most likely have brought them up.

After the review was complete, Ning Zhuo summoned Old Chef and instructed him to first collect intelligence regarding "Xuanhuang Mother Qi and Danxia Peak."

Ning Zhuo liked to plan before acting, and this time was no exception.

"Wait until the intelligence is gathered, then see if I can contact relevant personnel to negotiate the purchase of Xuanhuang Mother Qi."

The value of Xuanhuang Mother Qi was too great, and it was too practical; it could be used anywhere.

Ning Zhuo's expectations for this had always been very small.

Ning Zhuo scrutinized his current situation.

He left Fire Persimmon Immortal City this time originally to travel the world and seek relics to save his mother's spirituality.

As a result, after coming to the Myriad Manifestations Sect, he discovered the Great Path to Heaven for his own cultivation - Innate Talent: True Self, and the Burning Boat Soul Crossing Art!

Ning Zhuo would undoubtedly walk such a Great Path to Heaven.

In this way, it was decided that White Paper Immortal City was the "Cultivation Holy Land" for the Big-Headed Youth, and it must be controlled in his own hands.

Because, from White Paper Immortal City, Ning Zhuo could obtain massive amounts of souls from the Underworld at a low cost and confidentially. Using these souls to cultivate, his cultivation would inevitably take off!

"But to guard the profits of White Paper Immortal City, I must handle the Myriad Manifestations Sect side well."

Therefore, Ning Zhuo joining the Myriad Manifestations Sect at this moment was already different from his previous thoughts.

He wanted to join before mostly because he discovered that his mother, Meng Yaoyin, was a Golden Core True Disciple of the Myriad Manifestations Sect. He had a favorable impression of the Myriad Manifestations Sect, and also had the guidance from Meng Yaoyin's posthumous letter.

Now he wanted to join to plan for the future.

The Myriad Manifestations Sect would definitely not give up their expectations regarding White Paper Immortal City.

"My joining the Myriad Manifestations Sect now is turning an enemy into a friend in advance!"

"I cannot simply become an ordinary member within the Myriad Manifestations Sect, but must integrate into the higher echelons and form close, cordial connections with the mainstream forces of the Myriad Manifestations Sect."

"After reaching this level, I can instead use the power of the Myriad Manifestations Sect to better negotiate with the White Paper City Lord and win the share of profits that belongs to me."

"Of course, I must also try my best to control the Qing-Jiao Army, this cultivation army, in my own hands."

"The Forgetful River Prefecture and Ghostfire Prefecture should be fighting fiercely. The Lord of Forgetful River's Seal in my hand will be a major bargaining chip for me to mix into the national war between the two countries in the future!"

Deducing this way, Ning Zhuo needed to search carefully to find the most suitable entry point, and then integrate into the Myriad Manifestations Sect.

"Once the intelligence on White Paper Immortal City is exposed, I will face a severe test."

"Wen Ruanyu is more reliable than I expected, forcefully gaining such a long preparation time."

"I need to do my best to strive for more fame, display more value, and acquire more connections to deal with this test."

The Cyan Martial Gentleman of Profound Armor Cave, Zhu Fenxiang, Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard, and even the Zhu Clan, had all become Ning Zhuo's connections.

The Zhu Clan and Zhu Fenxiang, however, needed to be carefully considered. Because getting too close to them would mean forging a deep hatred with the Situ Clan and Situ Xing.

Although Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard was a Great God, His influence within the Myriad Manifestations Sect was relatively small.

In comparison, although Qing Wu Langjun was not a Great God, he was Ning Zhuo's biggest networking gain recently.

"I need to continue striking at Ban Ji, displaying my own firmness and justice."

"Thanks to Pi Fujie, for helping me attract such a suitable target for establishing my prestige."

"But I don't need to go down to the martial arts arena with Ban Ji. That kind of battle doesn't forbid life and death; it's a bit too much. Intercepting Ban Ji in the upcoming Rising Cloud Minor Trial is enough."

"Of course, if Zhu Fenxiang offers a higher price to let me take down Situ Xing, it's not impossible!"

For Ning Zhuo, either way was establishing prestige. There was no qualitative difference between Ban Ji and Situ Xing.

"Among all the Rising Cloud Minor Trials, the weight of the martial arts arena is almost the heaviest."

"So, I still have to enter the martial arts arena."

"Before this, trying my best to increase my own combat power is the real deal."

Joining the army was almost impossible; no matter how many mechanisms Ning Zhuo had in hand, they were not an army.

The upper limit of his leveraged combat power was shaved off a lot.

Geniuses like Situ Xing and Zhu Fenxiang all possessed Golden Core-level combat power!

"Although Lord Shutu of the Prison Guard has become my Guardian God, it is still better to use Him less."

Everything has a price!

"Speaking of which, the Dice Bone Demon God has fallen into a deep sleep since absorbing incense last time, and has not yet awakened."

Ning Zhuo thought deeply: "I still need to hoard enough mechanical puppets, at least at the Golden Core level!"

"My current realm in mechanical arts is Master level, and my artifact refining realm has also increased by a layer; can I create Nascent Soul-level mechanical constructs?"

"I can try this point."

...

The brief scrutiny ended, and Ning Zhuo had a clearer plan for the future.

His mother's matter now had a clue. He just had to wait for the scythe to move strangely, then burn the relics to exchange for spirituality.

Ning Zhuo placed his cultivation ground in White Paper Immortal City, and the relationship with the Myriad Manifestations Sect was what he needed to manage most right now. Displaying his own value, finding an entry point, and directly joining the mainstream forces within the Myriad Manifestations Sect could help Ning Zhuo preserve his interests in White Paper Immortal City.

Achieving this, and then with the help of Innate Talent: True Self and the Burning Boat Soul Crossing Art, he would inevitably take off!

And to display more of his own value and establish more connections, he had to participate more in the Rising Cloud Minor Trials, boost his reputation, and establish a good image.

Ban Ji or Situ Xing were all stepping stones!

"I can't count on the mechanical army; the focus is to hoard mechanical puppets. For combat power improvement in this aspect, my returns are the highest."

Meng Yehu, Yuan Dasheng, Snow-Colored Maiden Hui, and Xue Shu Yu Heqian - these four Golden Core puppets were the targets for focused upgrades after Ning Zhuo's careful consideration!