Monthly Ticket Lucky Draw Activity + Year-End Review Author: Gu Zhen Ren

In January, we will continue our monthly ticket lucky draw activity! Considering issues such as the filling out of shipping information after winning and the efficiency of express delivery, in order to ensure everyone can receive them before the Spring Festival, we have decided to raffle Spring Festival-themed merchandise in January.

The prizes for the monthly ticket lucky draw are: 50 sets of New Year Greeting Merchandise (Fang Yuan Window Flower1, Ning Zhuo Window Flower1, Fang Yuan Red Envelope5, Ning Zhuo Red Envelope5).

【Eligibility】 From January 1st to January 7th at 20:00, anyone who directly votes for this book with a monthly ticket will be considered a participant by default. Please note that it must be a monthly ticket given to this book during this specific time period. (The monthly ticket number can be found in the "Monthly Ticket Commemorative Album" at the top right of the voting interface).

【Drawing Method】 At 20:30 on January 7th, the management committee will draw the winning monthly ticket numbers in the VIP group, and then announce them in a single chapter.

【Redemption Method】 After the drawing results are out, I will publish a single chapter announcing the winning monthly ticket numbers. Winning readers should use the screenshot of their monthly ticket stub and their Qidian personal homepage, join the prize-claiming group to contact management, and verify their prize. (The prize-claiming group link will be announced after the draw; the group link is in the book introduction - click the bottom of the introduction for a one-click jump to join the group).

【Redemption Time】 After the winning numbers are drawn at 20:30 on January 7th, please join the group and contact management for verification and prize claiming before 20:00 on January 14th. Late claims will be regarded as a waiver! ! !

Note: The method to query the monthly ticket number is to find it in the "Monthly Ticket Commemorative Album" at the top right of the voting interface, or in "My Account" - "Monthly Ticket" - "Monthly Ticket Commemorative Album."

This activity is limited to the Qidian platform; the final right of interpretation belongs to the author.

...2025 Review...

2025 was more difficult and more exhausting than 2024. The kind of exhaustion that wears out both body and mind. "Struggling through" and "scrambling along" can describe this state.

I have been duped, I have been deceived, I have broken many "filters," I have witnessed much malice, and I have deeply experienced the complexity of human hearts and human nature.

There were many times when my body was tired to the limit, sitting paralyzed and unable to move. There were also many moments when my mood sank to rock bottom, and I didn't want to touch anything.

Much of it was in unknown territory, and plans could never keep up with changes. I constantly discovered that I had overestimated myself and that my expectations of reality were too beautiful.

Failure, failure, failure... this was the main theme of 2025, interspersed with a handful of results that could be counted on one's fingers.

Commercial writing has already progressed to the second stage. The vision of "Saving the Tree" is also being tried continuously amidst hardships and difficulties. The growing pains of development are unavoidable.

The challenges of 2026 will be even more numerous and greater than in 2025!

Written for 2025, and also written for 2026. Written for myself, and also written for all the friends who are facing various tests and challenges and enduring pain.

Come on.

We continue to move forward!