Chapter 8: Buddha Heart Demon Seal

“Ning Zhuo should be the one begging me to do this for him; I can’t rush to handle it before he even asks.

“I am his uncle, his elder!

“If I really do this, that arrogant brat will only grow more arrogant! How will I discipline him in the future?”

However, the situation was beyond his control.

The junior patriarch Ning Xiaoren had already cornered Ning Ze by threatening his position as procurement manager.

“What should I do?”

Ning Ze thought for a long time, but couldn’t come up with any solutions.

That afternoon, Ning Zhuo returned. He met with Ning Ze and Wang Lan in the hall and explained his purpose for coming back: “I’m here to take away some daily necessities.”

When Ning Zhuo was studying in the academy, he would usually live here, only going back to his own house on weekends.

Ning Ze feigned concern and asked about Ning Zhuo’s recent situation. At that moment, Ning Zhuo secretly activated the seal stamp in his sea of consciousness and told his aunt and uncle that he had found a good-paying job in a mechanical workshop.

After chatting a bit more, he took his leave.

Watching his back, Wang Lan snorted coldly: “Flying Disk Workshop? Never heard of it. What kind of future can he have working in such a small place?”

Ning Ze’s expression was indifferent: “Young folk are always ambitious. They have to go through some suffering to realize the harshness of life.”

When he thought of Ning Zhuo’s stubborn expression, Ning Ze couldn’t help but feel even more disgusted at the idea of spending money on bribes.

“Wait, maybe I can take advantage of that personality of his.” Ning Ze suddenly thought of a good idea.

Sneering, he said: “Little Zhuo has spent too much time studying. As a young man, he must have a craving for adventure.

“If I remember correctly, many of the cultivators in our clan have joined the Monster Hunting Association and are hunting monster beasts in the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern[^1].

“I’ll find someone to encourage Little Zhuo to go monster hunting!”

Wang Lan was worried: “Won’t that be dangerous?”

Although she was stingy, she didn’t want to see Ning Zhuo die or get hurt.

Ning Ze shook his head slightly: “There are already quite a few Ning Clan members in the Monster Hunting Association. Besides, the junior patriarch ordered me to purchase 80 Up-Down As-You-Wish Cables, which shows that our clan is about to launch a large-scale expedition into the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern.

“At that time, with the clan’s protection, Little Zhuo’s safety should be assured.

“Full of youthful pride and energy, Little Zhuo hungers for adventure and wants to succeed through his own hard work. He stubbornly rejected my attempts to help him, and instead wants to join the Monster Hunting Association! Haha, how’s that for an explanation?

“The best part is that the exploration of the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern is important to the clan itself. Hunting monsters in the cavern is the same as making contributions to the clan, and to a certain extent, it can be considered part of the family industry. The junior patriarch won’t be able to say anything about it.

“Of course, we’ll still have to pay out some bribes.

“However, letting Little Zhuo join the Monster Hunting Association is much cheaper than arranging for him to enter the family industry!”

Wang Lan blinked and lowered her head in thought. After a while, she said: “That’s a good idea. But, husband…

“Since the clan is going to make a move on the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern, there should be many opportunities to gain merit. Our Ji’er…”

Ning Ze immediately shot her a glare and scolded: “Are you crazy? On the battlefield, swords have no eyes; what if something unexpected happens? Do you want us old folk to have to send off our son?”

“Ah?” Wang Lan hurriedly said in a panic: “I was wrong, I thought too much. It’s best for Ji’er to safely make talismans at home!”

Neither of the two noticed that when Ning Zhuo had turned around and left, blood was flowing from his nostrils.

Ning Ze thought that he had come up with this idea on his own, and secretly felt proud of his wits. But he didn’t realize that Ning Zhuo was the true source of this plan.

The sun set, and the night enveloped Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

Slightly nervous, Ning Zhuo took a deep breath and opened the furnace.

"Very good, it passed!"

Seeing the fully intact explosive fire monkey, Ning Zhuo’s heart settled, and he was filled with joy.

Then, with a thought, the seal stamp hidden in his sea of consciousness glowed slightly.

This was the magic treasure that his mother had left to him – the Buddha Heart Demon Seal!

On top of the seal stamp, contrasting engravings of a Buddha and a demon stood back to back. The Buddha’s expression was peaceful and compassionate, while the demon looked fierce and vicious.

The main body of the seal stamp was in the shape of a round bowl, and it was covered in flickering Sanskrit runes.

At the bottom of the seal stamp, there were two large characters written with an ancient flair in immortal script: “Buddha” and “Demon”.

One thought to become a Buddha, one thought to become a demon.

I am a Buddha, and I am also a demon.

When the seal stamp targeted the owner, it was a compassionate Buddha, saving the people and saving the self. When the seal stamp targeted others, it could project the owner’s ideas into its targets’ minds, influencing their own thoughts. At that time, it would be a heart demon to them.

Ning Zhuo had suffered a lot and paid a heavy price in order to conceal this treasure. The reason he bought so many Golden Flake Jade Dew Cakes was mainly to expand his sea of consciousness in order to improve his ability to use the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

And this magic treasure had proven its usefulness many times!

For example, when he was in the black market under the guise of Hanging-Hair Traveler previously, he was often besieged by demonic cultivators. When that happened, Ning Zhuo would use the seal stamp to deliver a shock to their minds and create an opening. Even if it was only a moment’s opening, that single moment usually allowed him to win easily.

Another example was today; in order to influence Ning Ze, Ning Zhuo had activated the seal stamp and used a trace of its power. This caused Ning Ze to gain “sudden inspiration” and think of the plan to send Ning Zhuo into the Monster Hunting Association.

However, Ning Zhuo’s soul was weak and his mind was frail. Thus, his nose had begun bleeding.

“My uncle is in Foundation Establishment, and I am only at the third level of Qi Refining. Influencing his thoughts is extremely difficult.

“When I was in the black market, I was wearing the Foundation Establishment-level Iron Will Gray Armor. That’s why I could use more of the seal stamp’s power and shake the minds of enemies in the Foundation Establishment stage.

“But the seal stamp’s true usage isn’t for these things. Instead, its greatest use lies in its ability to control mechanical constructs!”

Ning Zhuo triggered the power of the seal stamp and created a heart seal. The heart seal flickered with faint pink light and immediately shot into the body of the mechanical monkey.

Then, the mechanical monkey opened its eyes and jumped out of the furnace on its own!

This explosive fire monkey was swift and nimble, leaping around in the underground workshop with great agility. No matter how it moved and hopped about, none of the items in the room were disturbed in the slightest.

Were someone to see this sight, they would surely be shocked.

Of the many ways to control mechanical constructs, the most popular was using divine sense. However, for a cultivator to wield divine sense, they normally needed to have at least Foundation Establishment stage cultivation.

Ning Zhuo had equipped the explosive fire monkey with a divine sense receiver. In other words, it was a mechanical construct meant for Foundation Establishment cultivators to control.

However, even a veteran mechanical arts master in the Foundation Establishment stage might not be able to achieve such precise control over the explosive fire monkey.

This was because the part that acted as the divine sense receiver was the trio of stroll bullets that Ning Zhuo had innovated to cut on costs. Compared with the mainstream path of using formation disks, the stroll bullets offered significantly less precision when it came to control. Thus, the mechanical arts master couldn’t be blamed; it was an inherent flaw in the explosive fire monkey’s design.

But now, under Ning Zhuo’s control, the explosive fire monkey was extremely lifelike, almost no different from a real living creature!

This was all because of the heart seal.

It was the so-called “two hearts in perfect harmony[^2]”.

After using the Buddha Heart Demon Seal to plant a heart seal on the mechanical monkey, Ning Zhuo could directly command the monkey with his thoughts. This control method was much more convenient and effective than using divine sense.

Ning Zhuo controlled the monkey to jump up and down, even having it store some fire essence. No problems arose.

“After years of preparation, everything is finally ready!” The young man sighed. Thinking of the Lava Immortal Palace, a determined light flashed in his eyes.

Notes:

[^1]: Monsters – In xianxia, two common terms are妖 (yao) and 魔 (mo). Generally, these refer to two types of nonhuman beings (although some novels conflate them as 妖魔, yaomo). The specific differences actually vary – in many novels, 妖 are beasts that take human shape and 魔 are creatures from hell, but I’ve also seen some where 魔 are beasts and 妖 are flower/nature spirits. This novel follows the former, though, with 妖 originating from beasts. Anyway, things get complicated because 魔 is also the term used for evil practices – demonic path, demonic techniques, Demon Venerables are all 魔. Because 魔 is rendered as demon, 妖 (which is often translated as demon in other novels, with 魔 being devil) must be something different, and so I’ve chosen the word “monster”, which seems fitting enough and has also been seen in some novels where 魔 has been called “demon”.

[^2]: Two hearts in perfect harmony – 心心相印 – This actually has the character for “seal” (印) in it.

