Chapter 80: Pushing Open the Buddha Door

Ning Zhuo immediately reviewed every activation of the Buddha Heart Demon Seal and analyzed the common factors.

He quickly discovered that each time the treasure seal activated, it was during a moment that he felt anxious and emotionally unstable.

It activated when he formally took action and commanded the mechanical monkeys to riot.

It activated when Zhu Xuanji saved Yuan Dasheng.

It activated when he broke into the rear courtyard bedroom and saw the unconscious Yuan Dasheng – the time he nearly acted on impulse.

It activated after persuading Yuan Er to surrender, when Yuan Er still refused to hand over Yuan Dasheng and Ning Zhuo almost lashed out.

“So this is the clash of fate energy, making my state of mind unstable? I nearly lost control of my emotions. Had I made a single mistake, Yuan Dasheng would have definitely seized that chance to survive.

“On the one hand, I relied on logical rationality and forced myself to stay calm. On the other, the Buddha Heart Demon Seal quietly supported me and guided me through at least four crises.”

Turning others as a demon, saving the self as a Buddha!

After discovering this truth, Ning Zhuo broke out in a cold sweat once again.

As it turned out, there had been hidden dangers all along, and Ning Zhuo hadn’t had the faintest idea. If not for the Theory of Numbered Breaths that he got from Han Ming, he might have never understood these things.

“It looks like the Buddha Heart Demon Seal is a treasure that can anchor fate energy. Triggering the Buddha statue and saving the self can prevent my emotions from being affected by fate energy, allowing me to avoid making mistakes.”

Ning Zhuo was secretly pleased. He had now discovered another function of the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

“But this makes things more complicated.”

Previously, he had assumed that his hidden innate talent was indeed a super-grade immortal talent. But now, he realized that it might be only a high-grade innate talent. The reason he had been able to eliminate Yuan Dasheng this time was partly because Yuan Dasheng had Yuan Er holding him back, and partly because he himself had the protection of the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

Ning Zhuo sat cross-legged on the meditation mat, cultivating the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation.

“Clear mirror, free of doubt; nourishing the mind vessel. Observe the emptiness of the five aggregates; overcome all suffering and disaster. Sariputra…

“Observe all dharmas as empty appearances, not born nor extinguished, not defiled nor pure, not increasing nor decreasing. Reflect upon one’s true nature. Hold this in the heart long-term. No form, no sensation, perception, volition, consciousness. No eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body, mind. No shape, sound, smell, taste, touch, or dharma. No realm of sight nor realm of consciousness. No ignorance and no end of ignorance…[^1]”

After the one incense stick’s worth of time, Ning Zhuo slowly opened his eyes with a faint smile on his face.

“Spirit Refining, third level.

“I can finally go past the Buddha door.”

After reading the Theory of Numbered Breaths, Ning Zhuo began thinking about where his fated opportunity could lie.

The greatest possibility was the Lava Immortal Palace.

He cultivated all three dantians simultaneously. Currently, he had reached the third level in Qi Refining and Essence Refining. His progress in Spirit Refining had been slower, but now he had caught up.

Without hesitation, Ning Zhuo immediately activated the trial disciple imprint and sent his soul into the immortal palace.

Relying on his various spells, Ning Zhuo traveled smoothly and quickly arrived before the three doors.

The rooms behind the Dao door and Demonic door were both highly difficult. Although it wasn’t to the point of impossibility, Ning Zhuo would still have to spend a great deal of time and energy.

Previously, Yuan Dasheng’s appearance had thrust him into crisis, so Ning Zhuo had been forced to temporarily set further exploration.

“Now then, what’s behind the Buddha door? Hopefully it’s something good.”

Ning Zhuo pushed the door open and entered.

The room behind the door was filled with coffins.

Not only were they on the floor, but also embedded upright in the walls. Even the ceiling had coffins hanging from iron chains.

This scene took Ning Zhuo by surprise.

“At least there aren’t any obstacles or puppets like there were behind the Dao and Demon doors.”

At that moment, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit’s expression turned grave. Its gaze pierced through space and fixed unwaveringly on Ning Zhuo’s puppet body.

Even though it didn’t want to give any hints, it had no choice but to transmit crucial information directly into Ning Zhuo’s mind through the Life-Hanging Thread.

“Use the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation to sense the spirituality within the coffins. Once successful, the lid will open.

“Choose one, send it to the furnace for cremation, and gain a spiritual mechanical construct.

“You can also send external corpses to the furnace to receive a corresponding mechanical construct.

“Note: this mechanical construct requires careful maintenance and can be transported in and out of the Lava Immortal Palace!”

After receiving the information, Ning Zhuo immediately set to work.

His Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation had reached the third level, after all, so communicating with some of the coffins on the ground was no trouble.

Soon, he opened several coffins and found different organisms lying within them. There was a fire snake, fire velvet rat, and even a flame shadow flower.

Spirituality could be found in all things.

Ning Zhuo then attempted to connect with the vertical coffins embedded in the walls. It was harder to communicate with them, but he could faintly sense that the things inside were still beasts and spirit plants from Fire Persimmon Mountain. However, their strength while alive had been higher than those in the ground coffins.

“It looks like the hanging coffins contain the highest-grade corpses.” Ning Zhuo tilted his head and used the hanging ring to hoist himself up.

He placed both hands on the surface of a hanging coffin, pouring all his power into the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Incantation. This time, the connection that formed was extremely faint.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit watched the entire time, tracking Ning Zhuo’s every move. Its dragon claws clenched tightly in visible tension.

After checking things out, Ning Zhuo looked around and finally settled on one of the embedded vertical coffins. “Given my current Spirit Refining cultivation level, the fire snake in that coffin is the best target.”

As he thought this, Ning Zhuo tilted his head, released the hanging ring, and lowered himself to the ground before walking over to his chosen coffin.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit let out a small snort, unable to hide its eagerness to see Ning Zhuo attempt to connect with the coffin.

But Ning Zhuo paused and stood still, falling into hesitation.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit became even more nervous. It let out a low growl and spewed a puff of flame, as if urging Ning Zhuo onward.

As Ning Zhuo lowered his head in thought, standing still, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit sensed something was wrong. It began scratching at the ground with its hind claws, clearly growing anxious.

A certain line in the previous message had caught Ning Zhuo’s attention – “You can also send external corpses to the furnace to receive a corresponding mechanical construct.”

The more Ning Zhuo thought about it, the more curious he became. "If I captured a living Golden Core stage monster beast and brought it into the Lava Immortal Palace, wouldn't I be able to obtain a mechanical construct far beyond what I could get from spiritual communication?”

Of course, he didn’t have a Golden Core stage monster beast.

Naturally, Ning Zhuo’s thoughts turned to Yuan Dasheng!

Yuan Dasheng’s soul was attached to its body via the Righteous Bone Golden Hardness immortal talent, making it difficult to handle. Ning Zhuo had planned to dig out the bones and use them to forge a mechanical construct.

But now, there was a ready-made opportunity laid out before him.

He didn’t need to handle Yuan Dasheng’s corpse himself. All he had to do was bring it in and let the Lava Immortal Palace take care of it. Then he would receive a corresponding mechanical construct.

The more Ning Zhuo thought about it, the more tempted he became.

On the one hand, it would save him a great deal of effort and eliminate many potential risks. After all, the sooner Yuan Dasheng's corpse was dealt with, the better.

On the other, Ning Zhuo had always believed that his mechanical arts skills were nothing special. When it came to craftsmanship, Three Schools Supreme Sage was obviously more trustworthy than himself.

“I’ll bring Yuan Dasheng’s corpse in!” Ning Zhuo made his decision.

But how?

Ning Zhuo wondered inwardly.

According to the rules, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit should have provided him with the answer.

But right now, the fire spirit was clamping its mouth shut. No matter how the fire whips lashed at it, it stubbornly held on and gave no reply.

Soon, Ning Zhuo exited the immortal palace and returned to the outside world.

He approached Yuan Dasheng’s corpse. After thinking for a moment, he poured the essence blood he had previously extracted back into the ape’s body.

He then took out two storage pouches filled with supplies and placed them on and inside the ape’s body.

Next, he lay down beside the corpse, touching it with one hand and focusing on the trial disciple imprint.

A moment later, he was once again in the room beyond the Buddha door, and Yuan Dasheng’s corpse was right next to him.

Success!

Notes:

[^1] This is pretty much ripped directly from the Heart Sutra, which is a famous Buddhist text.

