Chapter 81: Yuan Dasheng’s Rebirth!

Lava Immortal Palace.

When Ning Zhuo’s soul returned to his body, the puppet body he had been inhabiting collapsed to the ground with a clang.

But as Ning Zhuo returned moments later, it swiftly reassembled and stood up again.

At the same time, the teleportation circle spat out Yuan Dasheng’s corpse.

Seeing this scene, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit immediately felt a wave of despair.

The situation it least wanted to see had occurred.

For a moment, its dragon eyes widened as it glared at Ning Zhuo, and its nostrils flared as it sprayed out sparks with every breath.

But Ning Zhuo didn’t feel a thing.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit’s breathing grew more intense. It raised its head and roared in fury.

The roar echoed in all directions, shaking the entire immortal palace.

Sonic waves burst outward, causing lava to erupt from the peak of Fire Persimmon Mountain and sending up a huge plume of smoke.

City Lord Meng Kui abruptly opened his eyes and immediately halted his cultivation. “It’s happening again?”

Inside the main hall of the Lava Immortal Palace, the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was flying madly through the air. It spewed columns of flame in every direction as if it had gone mad.

The Lava Immortal Palace grew increasingly turbulent.

Under the fiery glow, Meng Kui’s expression grew even uglier.

As for Ning Zhuo, he remained completely unaware of all this.

The room he was located in was calm and peaceful.

After quickly inspecting Yuan Dasheng’s corpse, he felt both surprise and disappointment.

The surprise was because he had successfully brought Yuan Dasheng’s corpse into the Lava Immortal Palace on his very first try. To him, this was a brand-new experience.

The disappointment was because he had deliberately hidden storage bags on and inside Yuan Dasheng’s body, but none of them had been transported along with it.

“While I was entering the palace, I kept my mind focused on the Buddha Heart Demon Seal.

“Sigh, if only I could’ve brought large amounts of resources in from outside.

“Using the resources of the Lava Immortal Palace uses up too many spirit stones.”

If he had enough materials, Ning Zhuo was confident that he could fortify the first three levels to the point of being impenetrable.

Collecting his thoughts, Ning Zhuo began pondering over what to do next.

He had successfully brought in the ape’s corpse, but how could he hand it over to the immortal palace for refining?

He had no clue how this step worked and was severely lacking in information.

This information should have been provided promptly by the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit, but it was currently gritting its teeth and flying frantically around the main hall.

A fire whip followed close behind it.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The fire whip lashed repeatedly at the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit, even as it flew rapidly around pillars.

Above Fire Persimmon Mountain, Meng Kui gathered all his strength and cast a spell at full power, summoning a giant hand that pressed down on the Lava Immortal Palace.

But the beams of treasure light shooting out from the immortal palace quickly pierced the giant hand.

Meng Kui sighed helplessly and had no choice but to activate Fire Persimmon Immortal City’s grand formation. Relying on the power of the grand formation, he barely managed to stabilize the situation.

“What in the world is making the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit go so crazy?!”

The eruption this time was unprecedentedly intense, and so was the pressure that Meng Kui felt.

As he listened to the dragon roars echoing from within the palace, he could hear resentment, rage, and despair. Hmm… there also seemed to be some wails of misery.

At first, only one fire whip was lashing the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit. But as it continued to resist and neglect its duties, more and more fire whips began to form.

Five or six fire whips chased after the Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit, striking it relentlessly.

Its spirit body grew dim and illusory from the beating. It could no longer endure and finally had no choice but to open its mouth and deliver the critical information.

In the room, Ning Zhuo had been preparing to test something out. Upon suddenly receiving the message, he frowned slightly. “It seems that the Lava Immortal Palace is heavily damaged. This kind of crucial information should’ve been passed down right away.”

Without hesitation, Ning Zhuo took action and began dragging Yuan Dasheng’s corpse to the doorway.

His small puppet body struggled to move Yuan Dasheng’s corpse, and it took a long time to succeed.

When Yuan Dasheng’s body finally reached the doorway, a teleportation circle immediately appeared and swallowed it up.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit was curled up in a ball in a corner, silently enduring the continuous lashing of the fire whips.

The expression on its dragon head was one not only of pain, but also utter hopelessness.

It knew Ning Zhuo had made the best possible choice.

Even if Ning Zhuo managed to bring the corpse of a Golden Core cultivator and create a spiritual mechanical construct from it, he wouldn’t be able to control it.

However, Yuan Dasheng wasn’t in the Golden Core stage. Its Qi Refining was at the third level, and its body was at the ninth. Using this ape as raw material for a mechanical construct would place the result right at the edge of what Ning Zhuo could control.

More importantly, there was its immortal talent.

Raw materials with an immortal talent were extremely rare and incredibly valuable.

The Lava Immortal Palace had four tiers of furnaces: bronze, iron, silver, and golden.

For the refinement of an immortal talent-bearing material, only a golden furnace could be used.

Moreover, each golden furnace could only be used to refine a single immortal material!

When the Lava Immortal Palace had been created, there were eight golden furnaces in total. Today, only four remained.

And now, in order to refine Yuan Dasheng, one more was going to be used up.

The Dragon Turtle Fire Spirit absolutely did not want to see this happen, but reality was cruel.

Despite its reluctance, it was forced to act, manipulating the entire immortal palace to place Yuan Dasheng’s corpse into the golden furnace.

The refinement began.

Huge amounts of spirit power were consumed, and a magnificent ray of treasure light erupted from the gold furnace.

The blinding treasure light pierced straight into the heavens like a dazzling pillar.

“What’s this now?” Meng Kui was stunned. He quickly used the grand formation to stir up clouds and mist, trying his best to conceal the towering treasure light.

“If only I could enter the immortal palace personally…” Meng Kui clenched his jaw in frustration, but could only sigh.

His mechanical arts skills were very poor. To be exact, by the standards of a Nascent Soul cultivator, they were genuinely abysmal.

Therefore, he wasn’t chosen to enter the Lava Immortal Palace.

In this regard, he was actually inferior to some Golden Core and Foundation Establishment cultivators who were permitted to enter after the selection standard decayed.

Among his own subordinates, the two Golden Core cultivators both failed to be selected by the immortal palace.

Some of his Foundation Establishment subordinates gained entry, but overall, the City Lord Mansion wasn’t that far ahead of the Zhou and Zheng Clans.

Thus, after the immortal palace emerged from underground, Meng Kui personally made a move and stationed himself above the mountain. Under the excuse of conducting an investigation, he sealed off the entire immortal palace and prevented anyone from entering.

The Zhou Clan and Zheng Clan did raise objections, but Meng Kui overruled them. After all, the City Lord Mansion was also refraining from sending cultivators to enter the immortal palace in person.

As the City Lord, Meng Kui represented the Southern Bean royal dynasty. In the face of his claim of investigating a demonic cultivator, the two clans were at a loss and could only keep an eye on the immortal palace to guard against the City Lord Mansion secretly sending someone in.

"The greatest hope still lies with Chong’er."

Meng Kui had immense confidence in Meng Chong.

Recently, Meng Chong had successfully broken through and elevated his Ferocious Rushing Thunder to a new level, showing tremendous improvement.

"Chong’er has a super-grade innate talent and powerful fate energy. Any pressure will only makes him stronger. In a fair competition, who could possibly surpass him?"

The pillar-like treasure light slowly faded, and the Lava Immortal Palace returned to calm.

Meng Kui gave a satisfied snort.

At the same time, inside the palace.

A teleportation circle appeared once again in front of Ning Zhuo.

A mechanical ape slowly emerged from the circle.

"Already done?"

Ning Zhuo was pleasantly surprised and stepped forward to inspect it.

As if hearing his footsteps, the mechanical ape opened its eyes and slowly raised its head.

It looked at Ning Zhuo with glowing crimson eyes, exuding an awe-inspiring presence.

Ning Zhuo’s steps slowed.

At this moment, Yuan Dasheng had been reborn!

