Chapter 812: New Insights from Review

Bluestone Cave Abode.

Inside the Cultivation Chamber, a mechanical loom stood silently.

The loom featured a dark silver frame, inlaid with twenty-eight constellation gems that glittered radiantly.

Ning Zhuo had specifically borrowed it from the Confucian cultivator community.

With his current reputation, and the impression he held within the hearts of the Confucian cultivators, borrowing a mechanical loom was merely a matter of saying the word.

Ning Zhuo was currently reviewing the paper-making method of the Dao-Bearing Jade Page

He always maintained the good habit of timely review.

This was the third chapter of the paper-making method: Its measure of warp and weft corresponds to the celestial scale above. The Yellow Aunt pauses her shuttle, borrowing the ingenious thoughts of the Weaver Girl; Lu Ban severs his hand, mimicking the loom of creation. Weaving clouds and mist as the weft, stitching stars as the warp. When first formed, it is like the River Map faintly appearing; upon second glance, it resembles the Luo Shu floating and sinking…

As Ning Zhuo looked back on this now, he gained new comprehensions.

Though there were no literary light paste threads before his eyes, he had already prepared substitute spiritual threads.

"Eighty-one vertical, eighty-one horizontal…"

The big-headed youth stood steadily before the machine. His left hand gently guided a strand of spiritual thread, placing it upon the loom's warp beam.

He deliberated for three breaths before making his move.

The thread fell silently.

This was the beginning of the foundation, corresponding to the position of the North Pole in the firmament. Ning Zhuo gauged the position with extreme precision.

He raised his right hand slightly, and the completely transparent shuttle flew into his palm of its own accord… He froze in this posture.

He fell into thought once again.

Within the shuttle, seven-colored flowing light rotated slowly, illuminating his distinct knuckles.

A breath later, his right wrist pushed and pulled with extreme stability - the shuttle passed through the warp, carrying the first strand of "weft."

"The Qian position crosses Li, Yang gestating Yin…"

Ning Zhuo’s movements were not fast; they could even be called sluggish. But every minute displacement carried a certain serene rhythm. As the shuttle reached the end, his left index finger tapped lightly, and a trace of imperceptible blood qi seeped from his fingertip, condensing into an extremely fine rune at the intersection of warp and weft.

The instant the rune formed, the gemstone corresponding to the "Horn Constellation" on the loom shone slightly.

His movements became increasingly practiced, and his efficiency grew higher and higher.

He gained a new realization: "The angle at which the wrist turns requires attention. Because in actual weaving, there are subtle differences between spiritual threads, one must interlace them with varying degrees of force to keep the fabric smooth."

Ning Zhuo slowly stopped his hands.

Although he had only woven a small patch, the overlapping between spiritual threads was nearly perfect, without a single bit of entanglement or disorder.

If Gu Qing were to see this scene, his heart would surely be shaken. Because this result of Ning Zhuo’s was a massive improvement in quality compared to what he had refined during the trial just now!

Regarding this, Ning Zhuo did not find it strange.

"My Artifact Refining realm has reached the level of a Renowned Artisan."

"I also bear many principles related to Artifact Refining."

"Weaving requires subtle movements, and by employing the Demonic Contamination Blood Meridian Art, I am best able to control every minute movement."

Artifact Refining was one of the four great arts, while weaving was only in the latter half of the hundred arts.

Pill Refining, Talisman Making, Artifact Refining, and Array Deployment were known as the four great arts for a reason.

There were commonalities between the hundred cultivation arts; many were mutually derived, developed, expanded, and then established independently.

Ning Zhuo had a deep foundation in Artifact Refining, which gave him a natural talent in related cultivation skills.

"Vertical is the Heavenly warp, horizontal is the Earthly weft."

"The position of every thread must correspond to the movement of a certain star in the vault of heaven; every rune dropped at an intersection must accord with the changes of mathematical generation and inhibition."

"Principles, weaving, astrology, formations…"

Ning Zhuo savored the deeper meaning, while also discovering that during the trial earlier, he had placed more attention on the "form."

"Nine times nine is eighty-one, which is the number of extreme Yang in mathematics, implicitly matching the 'wearing nine and treading on one' arrangement of the Nine Palaces in the Luo Shu."

"What is woven are actually pathways of spiritual intuition."

"The art of weaving is using tangible threads to weave intangible logic. Truly interesting."

It wasn't that Ning Zhuo hadn't encountered weaving arts before, but this experience allowed him to truly appreciate the profound connotations of weaving, thereby generating a much stronger interest.

"I need to find time to thoroughly study the memories regarding weaving."

"Oh, and the Nine Palace Formation."

Thinking of this, Ning Zhuo couldn't help but think of Shen Xi.

The school notes Shen Xi had gifted him detailed many basics of the Nine Palace Formation, which benefited Ning Zhuo greatly. They had played a significant positive role in the trial just now.

"The Nine Palace Formation is good stuff too; I need to find time to study it more!"

"Sigh… I only hate that time is too insufficient."

Ning Zhuo’s schedule was extremely tight, especially after arriving at the main mountain gate of the Myriad Manifestations Sect.

There were too many things he had to attend to.

Cultivation related to the Foundation Establishment Stage was daily homework that had to be done continuously without break.

Then there was the design, training, and improvement of mechanical puppets.

Ning Zhuo also had to spare a large portion of his mind to constantly monitor changes in the outside world and deal with all sorts of challenges.

What weighed most on his mind was still the Buddhist Doctor - Meng Yaoyin, and waiting for any unusual movement from the Great Serpent Scythe.

The current priority was the various Rising Clouds Minor Trials. This was an extremely rare opportunity. Ning Zhuo could learn a great many precious things, and by establishing these relationships, find the most suitable entry point for him to join the Myriad Manifestations Sect. Furthermore, this would pave the way for Ning Zhuo’s future life in the Myriad Manifestations Sect and bring positive assistance to White Paper Immortal City.

Time was truly not enough.

Therefore, Ning Zhuo could only make trade-offs.

A review opportunity like the current one might be the only one he would get in the near future.

Ning Zhuo reviewed the entire paper-making method of the Dao-Bearing Jade Page from start to finish and discovered that he had many shortcomings at the time.

"By improving these defects, the Dao-Bearing Jade Page I produce will definitely be of higher quality!"

"At least three grades higher."

After the review, Ning Zhuo began his daily cultivation.

Neither the Mirror Platform Spirit Communication Manual in the Upper Dantian nor the Five Elements Qi Rhythm Manual in the Middle Dantian were the main focus.

The profundity of the Demonic Contamination Blood Meridian Art far exceeded the other two cultivation arts, making it the primary object of Ning Zhuo’s comprehension.

Because of his previous accumulation, every time Ning Zhuo contemplated the Demonic Art, he gained insights, maintaining good progress.

And today, as he contemplated it again, he naturally associated it with the art of weaving.

A spiritual light flashed through the Divine Sea in his Upper Dantian.

Following the inspiration, Ning Zhuo manipulated the energy within his body, transforming it into a layer of fascia.

He used the memories of weaving to create more structures for the fascia - first a plain weave, then changing to a twill weave, and finally a satin weave.

With the three weaving methods, the efficiency of blood qi flowing through them was completely different.

"Plain weave is dense, best for defense; twill weave is smooth, beneficial for speed and bursts; satin weave is flexible and tough, best at dissipating force…"

"Interesting!"

Ning Zhuo looked again at the spiral, layered, and spiderweb structures within the Demonic Contamination Blood Meridian Art, and gained new realizations.

"Isn't this just a difference in weaving methods and the final product?"

"The spiral weave is like twisting ropes and cables, best for force transmission. When bursting forth, the blood qi acts like a drill, so the penetration is extremely strong."

"The layered weave is like a thousand-layered armor, protecting layer upon layer; its defensive capabilities crown all styles."

"The spiderweb weave spreads out in all directions, catching wind and shadows, best at confinement and contamination."

"And the palindrome weave, interweaving forward and reverse, creating an endless cycle, possessing the wonders of self-healing and regeneration."

"When I use the demonic tendons to contaminate another's blood qi, I am actually using my own 'weaving method' to forcibly overwrite and rewrite the structure of the other person's blood qi - this is 'Demonic Contamination'!"

A wave of joy surged in Ning Zhuo’s heart.

He had pushed aside another layer of mist, seeing more of the true face.

Grasping analogies and achieving mastery through comprehensive understanding - this was precisely one of the joys of cultivation.

After his daily homework ended, Ning Zhuo communicated with Sun Lingtong through Life Hanging by a Thread.

"Boss, I gained quite a few insights from my cultivation today." He explained his progress to Sun Lingtong.

Sun Lingtong giggled and also explained his own recent insights from attacking the water formation.

The two exchanged ideas for a while, both sensing that they benefited greatly from each other and made huge progress, feeling happy for one another from the bottom of their hearts.

"I’ve already fully comprehended the water formation surrounding the Luo Shu, and I’ve thought of a method to unravel it."

"Relying on me alone won't work."

"Little Zhuo, you and I need to act together to safely dismantle it."

Ever since Ning Zhuo and Sun Lingtong secretly explored the Rinse Jade Studio and discovered the page of the Dao Artifact Luo Shu hidden within, Sun Lingtong had been studying the water formation.

Now, he finally saw the finish line.

Ning Zhuo rejoiced: "That’s great. Boss, what should I do? I’ll listen to you."

Sun Lingtong: "Hehe. In fact, you are the main force. You need to face the formation itself."

"Little Zhuo, your Five Elements realm is far deeper than mine; you need to use water to control water."

Ning Zhuo didn't quite understand yet: "Oh?"

Sun Lingtong added: "But how to control water will test your formation deployment abilities."

Ning Zhuo frowned: "In this aspect, Boss, can't you take action?"

In the Rinse Jade Studio, Sun Lingtong shook his head slightly: "Difficult."

"The water formation changes at any moment."

"Once the Luo Shu moves, the changes in the water formation will be even more drastic. And we happen to be trying to extract the Luo Shu from the center of the water formation."

"Of course I can guide you, but there simply won't be enough time."

"Little Zhuo, acting as the main force, you need to calculate the changes in the water formation within a single breath, and then counter them."

"So, this requires your ability in formation deployment to be at least on par with mine."

Ning Zhuo: "Boss, I understand."

"Then I'll arrange more time to spend on studying formations."

"But I don't have time recently. I have to immediately set out to participate in the Demon Subjugation Hall's second minor trial, and I have to go all out - it would be best to take first place!"

Sun Lingtong: "Hehe. I've already thought of two methods so we can advance side by side."

"First, rely on your learning. I can help you purchase some Demonic Cultivator souls to accumulate a foundation in related formation deployment for you."

"Second, rely on the Dao-Bearing Jade Page We already have the refining method for the Dao-Bearing Jade Page You refine some, and I will pour my understanding of the Dao of Formations into them. Then you can absorb it, and your realm in the Dao of Formations will rise."

By doing this, Sun Lingtong's realm in the Dao of Formations would drop as a result. He would have to rise back up through study and contemplation.

Ning Zhuo was not polite about this, even eager to try: "Using the Dao-Bearing Jade Page might be more convenient."

His relationship with Sun Lingtong was too close; they barely distinguished between each other.

In fact, his previous plotting for the Dao-Bearing Jade Page was intended so that he could use his powerful learning ability to raise his realm and then help Sun Lingtong improve.

It was precisely the early learner driving the later learner.

Now, it was just Sun Lingtong giving his realm of the Dao of Formations to Ning Zhuo first.

Ning Zhuo: "It's just that refining the Dao-Bearing Jade Page takes quite a bit of effort. Purchasing the related materials also takes time."

Sun Lingtong: "The cultivators who reached the ninth chapter aren't just you, Little Zhuo. Aren't there a few others?"

"Let Old Chef make an appearance and contact those few to see if we can purchase them for a heavy price."

Ning Zhuo nodded, agreeing with this method very much.

He didn't lack money right now, but he severely lacked time. If money could solve this problem, that would be ideal.

"However, right now is the period of the Rising Clouds Minor Trial. Opportunities are everywhere. Will cultivators disregard these to make paper for someone else?" Ning Zhuo found it hard to estimate.

Sun Lingtong shrugged, unconcerned: "Let's try and see."

"Mn." Ning Zhuo nodded.

The two settled the plan.

The Dao Artifact Luo Shu!

Even just one page was of extraordinary value.

Everyone who used it said it was good!

Ning Zhuo and Sun Lingtong had repeatedly mooched off it, and every time they had to give a thumbs up.

Truly retrieving the Luo Shu would inevitably cause the calculation abilities of Sun and Ning to skyrocket, and it would also mean securing the prize.

Leaving it in the Rinse Jade Studio like this was very unsafe!

Ning Zhuo continued to rest and reorganize, while Sun Lingtong disguised his identity and went to the black market in the mountain cave once again.

When the gray-robed cultivator saw Sun Lingtong, his body and mind trembled, and he greeted him while bracing himself: "Elder Sun, y-you've come."

Sun Lingtong laughed secretly.

He and Ning Zhuo had discussed it long ago; knowing the inside story regarding Qin De, they were well aware that the gray-robed cultivator could not fulfill the previous agreement.

But Sun Lingtong feigned ignorance and said with a face full of anticipation: "I'm here! Having given you so much time, you should have succeeded, right? Where are the goods? Let me see them, quick!"

"This, this…" The gray-robed cultivator was extremely awkward, his tone hesitant.

Sun Lingtong's expression changed instantly, his gaze and tone becoming sharp: "Fellow Daoist, don't tell me you failed again? Or do you want to raise the price at the last minute?"

"You must know, we signed a Divine Contract."

A Divine Contract!

The moment the gray-robed cultivator thought of this, his scalp went numb. He already felt ten thousand regrets regarding that decision.

He originally thought he could get his hands on Qin De's soul, but unexpectedly, despite going all out, he hadn't seen a single opportunity.

He blew it!

He had completely botched this business deal!

Now that the buyer had come knocking, the gray-robed cultivator could only smile bitterly and brace himself to explain.

Sun Lingtong listened halfway, then waved his hand directly: "These are all excuses! I won't listen, I just want the goods!"

"You aren't stringing this old man along, are you?"

"This old man only wants the goods!"

"Just bring them out!!"

"If you can't bring them out, heh heh."

Sun Lingtong's sneering voice made the gray-robed cultivator's heart tremble, and beads of fine sweat seeped from his forehead.

"How was I to know the situation would be like this!"

"I know now, the water here is very deep."

"Elder Sun, you didn't set a trap for me knowing this situation, did you?"

Sun Lingtong immediately sneered: "Clearly you broke the contract first, yet you make a counter-accusation against me. Good, good, good! Since this deal is blown, have you thought about how to deal with the backlash of the Divine Contract?"

"Don't, don't, don't. We can talk this out, Elder Sun!" The gray-robed cultivator’s defense collapsed instantly, and he begged for mercy directly.

As long as Sun Lingtong agreed to dissolve the contract, he wouldn't suffer the Divine Contract's backlash.

Sun Lingtong glared, his attitude extremely firm.

Dissolve it?

Dream on!

The gray-robed cultivator's heart sank to the bottom of the valley, but he was prepared. Enduring the heartache, he gritted his teeth and said: "Elder Sun, don't be in a rush to refuse. I have good stuff to compensate you with!"