Chapter 876: Borrowing a Heavy Treasure Again

Ning Zhuo highly agreed with Cao Gui's views.

He pondered for a moment and said to Cao Gui, "Brother Cao, what you said makes a lot of sense. However, this matter is of great importance, and I need to consider it carefully. Tomorrow is the third round of the minor test. Time is limited tonight, and I presume Brother Cao has others to visit as well?"

It was impossible for the Commerce Hall to only want to cooperate with Ning Zhuo.

Cao Gui chuckled lightly, "To be honest with Young Master Ning Zhuo, I am only responsible for your route."

He wanted to try and persuade him further, but upon meeting Ning Zhuo's calm gaze, the words that rushed to his throat changed into: "In that case, I will not disturb you any longer."

Ning Zhuo immediately called for Old Chef to see him out.

Sun Lingtong revealed his figure from the corner. "Little Zhuo, our financial resources are limited. If we can get outside help and use the Nanming Fire Furnace sooner, it would naturally be good. I'm just afraid of losing the initiative. When the time comes, it's hard to say who will truly be the master of the Nanming Fire Furnace."

"We don't need to make a decision immediately. Tonight will definitely be very lively, with countless factions coming to seek us out."

"Why not wait for the highest bidder..."

Ning Zhuo first nodded, then shook his head, sighing, "Boss, that is exactly what I am worried about."

The number of cultivators participating in the first round of the Nanming Fire Furnace minor test was massive, reaching over ten thousand.

By the second round, the participants had sharply decreased to over two thousand, but that was still quite a lot.

Now, those entering the third round numbered only a few dozen. The various major and minor factions, as well as individuals who had been waiting for an opportunity, were already itching to make a move, and were now striking one after another.

There was only one reason for this: the value of the Nanming Fire Furnace was extraordinarily huge, and even super factions would benefit from it.

Even if its full value was still in question, it did not stop these factions and individuals from reaching out for it.

If Ning Zhuo were the Commerce Hall, he would do the same. As long as they paid resources, they could potentially get their hands on the Nanming Fire Furnace. Why wouldn't they?

For individuals or minor factions, these resources were an astronomical price. But for large organizations or powerful experts, it wasn't something they couldn't afford. As long as the future prospects were promising, they would invest!

Ning Zhuo mused, "From the information Cao Gui brought, the third round is clearly different from the previous two. It's very likely that the cultivators participating in the trial will directly face the furnace or the artifact spirit."

"Therefore, the Commerce Hall is not afraid of my verification."

Sun Lingtong guessed, "The third round might be the final round, deciding the ultimate victor. That's why these people couldn't wait to enter the fray."

"If there's a fourth round, their offers will definitely be even higher than before."

"Sigh, Little Zhuo, you should have at least listened to the Commerce Hall's offer first!"

"But it doesn't matter, others will definitely come to contact us next. Hey, you tell me, I'm also qualified, should I take the initiative to show myself so it's easier for these people to find me?"

Ning Zhuo hurriedly shook his head, his face solemn and grave. "Quite the opposite."

"That would instead be a path to inviting disaster!"

"Boss, absolutely do not underestimate a super faction. Your identity cannot withstand scrutiny; it will easily reveal flaws and bring disaster upon yourself."

Sun Lingtong shrugged nonchalantly, "The Myriad Manifestations Sect's intelligence gathering ability isn't that great either. They've been investigating your identity for so many days, and they still haven't found out that you are Meng Yaoyin's son."

"This minor furnace test was held in such a rush, and time is quite tight. What could those people possibly dig up on me?"

"Tsk."

"I almost forgot. If they found out about my relationship with you, that would be terrible!"

Sun Lingtong sighed, beating his chest, and immediately shook his head. "Little Zhuo, you think more thoroughly than I do. It's better not to take the risk."

If Sun Lingtong were alone, there was a high probability he would have done just that.

Seeing that Sun Lingtong had changed his mind, Ning Zhuo continued thinking and muttered softly, "Previously, our attention was solely focused on the Nanming Fire Furnace, thinking about how to gain the trust of the Vermilion Bird artifact spirit."

"Cao Gui's arrival was a timely reminder for me."

"Our situation is not safe. The value of the Nanming Fire Furnace is too great; the entire Myriad Manifestations Sect is revolving around it, forming a dangerous whirlpool of undercurrents. If we aren't careful, we could very easily be harmed and swallowed up!"

This didn't necessarily mean a threat to their lives, but rather regarding their stance, or more accurately, their faction.

Ever since Ning Zhuo arrived at the Myriad Manifestations Sect's main gate, he had always been very mindful of this. To this end, he had gone so far as to successively decline Zhong Dao and Tuoba Huang. But now, he found that he was very likely to be forcefully dragged into another faction because of the Nanming Fire Furnace.

Ning Zhuo clasped his hands behind his back and paced around the Cultivation Chamber for a while, pondering hard for a way to break this deadlock.

What Sun Lingtong saw was an opportunity; his idea was to feign compliance and play both sides to their advantage.

Ning Zhuo didn't think so. The others were not fools; they wouldn't just let a nobody jump back and forth between them.

There was a subtle difference here- 

Ning Zhuo was able to act this way between Zhong Dao and Tuoba Huang because Zhong Dao valued Ning Zhuo as a person. Tuoba Huang, in order to get back at Zhong Dao, feigned magnanimity, so after Ning Zhuo politely declined his gift, it was even more impossible for him to turn hostile - wouldn't that make him appear more petty than Zhong Dao?

But now, what the major factions were plotting for was the Nanming Fire Furnace and the Vermilion Bird artifact spirit. They were not plotting for Ning Zhuo himself, so there was no need to care about his personal feelings.

The Vermilion Bird artifact spirit only trusted a limited number of cultivators because it was too weak and had suffered too great a fright.

As long as they could appease it and allow the Nanming Fire Furnace to be fully repaired, then that cultivator's utility value would drop to zero.

Ning Zhuo didn't even need to ask to know that the conditions offered by the Commerce Hall would definitely be generous, but the restrictions would also be ironclad. If he went along with the Commerce Hall's proposal, the Nanming Fire Furnace would merely pass through Ning Zhuo's hands and ultimately belong to the Commerce Hall itself.

Of course, this wasn't some dark conspiracy. They had made it very clear that it was simply too difficult for a single individual to repair the Nanming Fire Furnace. Even for most factions to invest a massive amount of resources, it would still be a struggle.

Therefore, this was an open scheme.

This was exactly how the Righteous Path played the game - striking at the most opportune moment, setting up their pieces in plain sight, playing an open hand, and laying everything out on the table.

"There is no need to mention leading teams like Jiang Ping and Shen Hongyao; they definitely receive massive support from Danxia Peak and the Alchemy Room."

"Since the first round, Old Man Baicao has advanced and retreated together with the herb farmers of Baicao Peak. He is already considered half a member of Baicao Peak. I have crossed paths with him, and my pill refining skills are temporarily inferior to his."

"It's because I still haven't joined a faction; otherwise, I wouldn't have this current trouble."

Actually, Ning Zhuo could just announce right now that he had become a member of the Confucian cultivator group.

However, this faction had developed for so many years and was still only of this scale; it was clearly a fringe force within the Myriad Manifestations Sect. Ning Zhuo himself was not a Confucian cultivator either, so joining them would make his status awkward. Aside from that, if Ning Zhuo wanted to protect his interests in the White Paper Immortal City, he had to at least join one of the Eight Peaks and Sixteen Halls, or pledge allegiance to a specific, highly powerful expert in the sect.

The Demon Subjugation Hall remained his top choice right now.

But what worried Ning Zhuo was the position of Zhong Dao and the Demon Subjugation Hall itself within the Myriad Manifestations Sect. They were too prominent, had offended too many people, and their external relations were atrocious.

There was also a hidden concern: the personality of the Demon Subjugation Hall's Hall Master, Zhong Dao. His disposition of eliminating evil at its roots and his deep-seated abhorrence of sin would make it very difficult for Ning Zhuo, who concurrently held the position of Vice City Lord of the White Paper Immortal City, to get along well with him in the future.

"If I am to join the Myriad Manifestations Sect, I must secure a better position."

"The faction doesn't necessarily have to be more powerful than the Demon Subjugation Hall, nor does it have to be higher up in the hierarchy, but it needs to have more political space and leeway, allowing me to maneuver with ease."

A sudden thought crossed Ning Zhuo's mind. "What about the Myriad Beasts Peak?"

He immediately shook his head.

Although Tuoba Huang had given him a heavy gift and publicly tried to recruit him, in reality, he and Ning Zhuo were not familiar at all. Furthermore, according to the information Ning Zhuo had gradually gathered, Tuoba Huang was arrogant and domineering, and had offended quite a few people himself.

Choosing the Myriad Beasts Peak would be even worse than choosing the Demon Subjugation Hall.

"Should I seek out my mother's close friend?"

Ning Zhuo shook his head once again.

He remembered very clearly how Meng Yaoyin had instructed him back then - "She is mother's close friend. You can attempt to trust her."

The word "attempt" was very subtle, and Ning Zhuo had long since grasped its implication.

When a person dies, the light goes out; when a person leaves, the tea grows cold. This was the norm of the world. Human nature could not withstand testing, and there was no need to test it.

There was another reason why Ning Zhuo had never considered using this connection since arriving at the Myriad Manifestations Sect's main gate: once Wen Ruanyu submitted his report, Meng Yaoyin's information would be dug up again by the sect for reinvestigation. Her close friends from when she was alive would inevitably fall within the scope of that investigation as well.

If Ning Zhuo intentionally approached her, it would be very easy for his identity to be exposed.

Current facts proved that Ning Zhuo's conservative choice in this regard was extremely wise.

Relying solely on the Myriad Manifestations Sect's investigation, they had surprisingly still not verified his true identity. This allowed him to remain in the shadows, holding a great deal of initiative.

"To go and beg her for help at such a critical juncture would be akin to delivering my weakness right to her door, allowing her to manipulate me."

"This would be highly detrimental to the management of our future relationship and would put me in a rather passive position."

Just as he was thinking this, Ning Zhuo sensed an unusual, faint vibration from his Storage Belt.

He extended his divine sense inside and discovered that the source of the anomaly was the idol.

Zhu Fenxiang was secretly transmitting a critical message to Ning Zhuo through the idol - she was representing the Zhu Clan to invite Ning Zhuo for another collaboration. Their goal was the same as the Commerce Hall's.

Seeing this message, Ning Zhuo's face instantly darkened like water, and he grew somewhat anxious.

"I can't delay this any longer!"

If he delayed further, more envoys from other factions would come to visit. Every time Ning Zhuo declined, he was offending someone.

Experts often thought three steps ahead for every step they took. Ning Zhuo could already foresee the future losses and crises.

He knew he had to make a decision as soon as possible.

Suddenly, he took out a Jade Slip and studied it carefully.

Within the Jade Slip was a roster; the cultivators participating in the third round of the Nanming Fire Furnace minor test were essentially all listed inside.

He swept his divine sense over it three times, then summoned Gongsun Yan. "Go to the Demon Subjugation Hall and request an audience with Hall Master Zhong Dao. In my name, ask to borrow the White Rainbow Righteousness Token!"

Hearing this, Gongsun Yan immediately showed a troubled expression. "Young Master, my status is low and my words carry little weight. Furthermore, it's nighttime. How could I possibly succeed in requesting an audience with Lord Zhong Dao?"

Gongsun Yan had a strong sense of self-awareness.

In truth, even if Ning Zhuo himself requested a meeting, he might not necessarily be granted one.

For a major figure like Zhong Dao, how could just anyone see him whenever they wished?

Ning Zhuo, however, shook his head. "Just go. Remember, I am only borrowing the White Rainbow Righteousness Token."

Gongsun Yan received the order and retreated.

Ning Zhuo began pacing again. Still feeling somewhat uneasy, he had just looked up at Sun Lingtong, "Boss..."

Sun Lingtong giggled and interrupted, "I know, I know. I'll follow secretly and protect him along the way."

Gongsun Yan had long since pledged his loyalty to Ning Zhuo. Even if the task was extremely difficult and he had no confidence in his heart, he still had to bite the bullet and try his best, so as not to let Ning Zhuo down.

He arrived at the main hall of the Demon Subjugation Hall. Upon seeing the guards at the entrance, he had barely explained his request when a guard smiled and said, "So it is Young Master Ning Zhuo who wishes to borrow the White Rainbow Righteousness Token?"

"Of course."

"Lord Zhong Dao gave instructions earlier. Please wait a moment."

The guard transmitted a message with his divine sense. Before long, an envoy brought the White Rainbow Righteousness Token and presented it to Gongsun Yan.

As Gongsun Yan took the White Rainbow Righteousness Token, he felt like he was dreaming.

He then heard the envoy ask, "Is there anything else Young Master Ning Zhuo wishes to borrow? Lord Zhong Dao has already given orders that as long as it exists within the Demon Subjugation Hall's armory, without exception, it can be lent out to help the Young Master accomplish his goals."

Gongsun Yan carefully recalled and noted that Ning Zhuo's final instruction was to only borrow the White Rainbow Righteousness Token. He firmly shook his head. "My Young Master only wishes to borrow the White Rainbow Righteousness Token."

The envoy wore a friendly smile. "Very well. If there are any other needs in the future, please feel free to come and borrow."

Just like that, Gongsun Yan easily completed his mission.

Halfway back, he figured it out. "It seems the Young Master and Lord Zhong Dao had already reached a tacit understanding long ago. I was merely an envoy. I was worrying over nothing. The Young Master has his own methods; how could he force a subordinate into an impossible situation like that?"

-----

Bluestone Cave Dwelling.

"He actually borrowed it!" Ning Zhuo's heart slightly trembled.

Using the Life Hanging by a Thread Divine Ability, he had observed the entire process through Sun Lingtong and had also heard the conversation between the envoy and Gongsun Yan.

The Demon Subjugation Hall's Hall Master Zhong Dao's willingness to help was within Ning Zhuo's judgment.

Especially after Ning Zhuo studied the roster for the third round and found no obvious personnel from the Demon Subjugation Hall, he guessed that the Demon Subjugation Hall might have been stretched too thin due to the Cloud Prison riot. By the time they wanted to intervene in the minor trial for the Nanming Furnace, it was already too late.

But what surprised Ning Zhuo was that Zhong Dao had anticipated his actions and made arrangements for the White Rainbow Righteousness Token in advance.

This couldn't help but instill a sense of awe in Ning Zhuo. From this point alone, his mastery over the ways of the Righteous Path had been completely crushed by Zhong Dao.

Especially the fact that Zhong Dao had only brought out the White Rainbow Righteousness Token and the words he had his envoy convey - this evoked a feeling of shock within Ning Zhuo. Zhong Dao had read him, and read him so accurately!

Truly, the older ginger is spicier.

"Sigh."

"It seems this time, I owe Zhong Dao a massive favor."

Gongsun Yan rushed all the way back to the Bluestone Cave Dwelling.

Old Chef was already waiting at the door to welcome him. "The Young Master has arranged it. You just need to hang the White Rainbow Righteousness Token above the entrance of the cave dwelling."

Gongsun Yan let out an "Ah," and became even more certain of his previous judgment in his heart. "As expected, everything is within the Young Master's arrangements!"

For a moment, he couldn't help but admire Ning Zhuo even more.

Not long after the White Rainbow Righteousness Token was hung up, an envoy visited under the cover of night.

"Ah, this is?!" He recognized the White Rainbow Righteousness Token and his heart jolted, naturally making the connection. "So that's how it is! Ning Zhuo has already gained the strong backing of the Demon Subjugation Hall. He is highly regarded by Zhong Dao, so this situation is not surprising at all. Never mind, let it be."

The envoy retreated in the face of difficulty.

Over a dozen subsequent envoys all had the same reaction.

Only one person, however, lingered near the Bluestone Cave Dwelling.

This was simply because his goal was different.

"Although Qin De is dead, the results of his work still remain. Previous Divination Methods pointed toward the minor trial for the Nanming Fire Furnace. Now that there are only a few dozen people left, I can easily get closer to deduce and see if some sort of key is hidden among them!"

The person who arrived was none other than Xiao Juxia.

From Xiao Juxia's perspective, since he had to divine everyone once anyway, it was better to start with the easy ones before moving to the hard ones, beginning with the group that had the lowest cultivation levels.

At the same time, inside the Bluestone Cave Dwelling, Ning Zhuo abruptly lowered his head, his gaze locked onto his finger like lightning.

The Mechanism Ring on his finger suddenly constricted with full force, squeezing his finger so hard it caused severe pain!