Chapter 893: The Tiger Skin Loses Its Effect

"A mere Foundation Establishment." The Nine Fire Dragon Lord looked coldly at Ning Zhuo, "Actually inviting a Nascent Soul cultivator to join. On what grounds?"

Ning Zhuo smiled calmly, "Senior, please allow this junior to explain in detail. It won't be too late to make a decision after that."

Ning Zhuo revealed his plan.

The Nine Fire Dragon Lord couldn't help but become engrossed as he listened.

Recovering his senses, he looked at Ning Zhuo and let out a sneer, "Your cultivation might be low, but your appetite is enormous. I am, at the very least, a Guest Elder of Danxia Peak. Wanting me to join you is simply wishful thinking!"

"You'd better carefully consider how you're going to pay back your debt." He stood up, flicked his sleeves, and left.

Ning Zhuo had discussed the debt in detail with the three Nascent Soul cultivators, along with proposing a new plan. However, he was consecutively rejected by Chunyangzi and the Nine Fire Dragon Lord. As for Zhongli Mei, Ning Zhuo didn't even bring it up.

Despite the continuous failures, Ning Zhuo didn't show any emotional fluctuations. Just as he was about to invite the next person on the list, a messenger from Danxia Peak suddenly arrived, bringing news of a visit from a heavyweight figure.

"Tie Kuang? At a time like this, he's taking the initiative to visit me?" A sharp glint flashed across Ning Zhuo's eyes. After pondering for a moment, he immediately formed a speculation.

"Quickly, invite him in." He immediately stood up and walked out the door with the messenger.

Soon after, he welcomed Tie Kuang.

Tie Kuang was the current Hall Master of the Artifact Refining Hall, and his artifact refining talent ranked at least in the top three of the sect. Of course, this did not include existences above the Nascent Soul stage.

Just looking at the fact that after the incident with the Nanming Fire Furnace, the massive Danxia Peak directly invited him for a diagnosis and never sought help from other cultivators again, one could already see Tie Kuang's weight in the field of artifact refining!

In fact, based solely on his official position, he was on equal footing with Zhong Dao.

"Little Friend Ning Zhuo, you've been quite busy," Tie Kuang smiled at Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo cupped his hands, "Hall Master Tie graces me with his presence. This junior failed to welcome you from afar; please forgive my lack of manners."

"Since you are so busy, I'll get straight to the point." Tie Kuang then stated that he could lend Ning Zhuo his strength and help him completely repair the Nanming Fire Furnace.

Although the furnace had gone through the Minor Trial and many cultivators had emptied their pockets and brought in external funding to significantly repair it, it was still about twenty percent away from being complete.

Ning Zhuo asked, "I have troubled Lord Tie Kuang to worry about this. May I ask what the Lord wants in return?"

Tie Kuang was very straightforward, "I want twenty percent ownership rights of the Nanming Fire Furnace."

Ning Zhuo immediately shook his head, expressing his refusal.

Tie Kuang laughed heartily, "I came here to help you, Little Friend Ning Zhuo. Although you have impressive artifact refining attainments, it is impossible for you to walk the final stretch and completely repair the Nanming Fire Furnace on your own."

"In fact, even if you invited all your creditors to help you together, it would still be very dangerous, and the probability of success wouldn't be high."

"In the entire Myriad Manifestations Sect, only my Artifact Refining Hall has this capability!"

"Given your current situation, only by controlling a complete Nanming Fire Furnace can you bring out the full advantage of this heavy treasure, which will accelerate your future development."

"I only want twenty percent. I won't be a match to your eighty percent at all. What are you afraid of?"

Of course, Ning Zhuo was afraid.

Let alone twenty percent, even if it were just a tiny bit, it would be a qualitative change!

If even a part of the ownership fell into others' hands, it would give outsiders the perfect justification. When the time came, it would serve as an open and honorable excuse for the Artifact Refining Hall to interfere with the Nanming Fire Furnace.

This was absolutely impossible.

Ning Zhuo smiled, "Giving up ownership rights is impossible. I would rather wait for a long time; waiting eighty or a hundred years doesn't matter to me."

Tie Kuang chuckled, "I don't believe you. Given your temperament, you will definitely attempt the final repair in the near future. This is exactly what I am worried about."

"Alas, the Nanming Fire Furnace was originally an item of Danxia Peak. I was the one who diagnosed it previously, which led to the subsequent Rising Cloud Minor Trial."

"You might really not understand the difficulty of finalizing the furnace's repair!"

"I don't want to see you act carelessly and rashly, falling short at the final hurdle. If the furnace repair fails, it will completely explode, dragging the artifact spirit down into annihilation."

Ning Zhuo instantly restrained his smile, cupped his fists, and said, "I ask for the Lord's guidance."

Tie Kuang sighed and said, "The Nanming Fire Furnace is no longer the original Nanming Fire Furnace."

"Zhongli Mei added three hundred years of pill qi, the Nine Fire Dragon Lord added a Fire Dragon Pearl, Cang Yazi added his two wisdom teeth, the Red-Robed Guest expended his Blood Soul Pearl, and Chunyangzi used his Pure Yang Golden Core and Pure Yang True Fire Pearl. Then there are Situ Xing, Zhu Fenxiang, and your various precious materials. Even though these materials are precious, their types are far too mixed."

"Not only that, but the techniques and concepts each person used for the repairs were completely different."

"Zhongli Mei's pill qi is gentle and enduring, representing 'nourishment'; the Nine Fire Dragon Lord's Dragon Pearl is overbearing and blazing, representing 'fusion'; Chunyangzi's Pure Yang Golden Core is bright and warm, representing 'generation'; the Red-Robed Guest's Blood Soul Pearl is sinister and eerie, representing 'sacrifice'; Cang Yazi's wisdom teeth contain roots of wisdom, representing 'offering'; Zhu Fenxiang's Dragon Blood Copper and Phoenix Feather Gold carry the qi of the dragon and phoenix, representing 'assistance'; Situ Xing's Star Luo Stone and Stardust Sand carry stellar power, representing 'guidance'..."

"The fiery nature of the Dragon Pearl clashes with the coldness of the Nine Nether Cold Spring. The radiance of the Pure Yang Golden Core counters the sinister cold of the Blood Soul Pearl. Cang Yazi's wisdom teeth and the Nine Fire Dragon Lord's dragon scales - one is a root of wisdom, the other is bloodline; they are completely incompatible. In the short term, they can coexist peacefully because the furnace hasn't been completely repaired yet. Once it reaches 100% completion, all these elements will circulate and converge, inevitably causing mutual conflict and internal friction, resulting in a tragedy."

"When that time comes, at best, it will be a repeat of the Nanming Fire Furnace's Rising Cloud Minor Trial; at worst, the artifact spirit won't survive the ordeal."

Tie Kuang stared at Ning Zhuo, his expression incomparably solemn, "Looking at the entire Myriad Manifestations Sect, only my side has this capability. In truth, just my personal intervention is far from enough. We must rely on several of the Artifact Refining Hall's underlying foundations, including our artifact refining grand formations, our unique artifact refining techniques, and the expenditure of the most suitable precious materials to resolve the massive trouble plaguing the Nanming Fire Furnace."

"Our investment will far exceed the superficial value of the furnace's remaining twenty percent."

"Taking a twenty percent ownership right already means you are making a huge profit, Little Friend Ning Zhuo."

Ning Zhuo fell into deep thought.

He admitted that Tie Kuang was right, but Ning Zhuo also had profound attainments in artifact refining and knew that there was a lot of exaggeration in Tie Kuang's words.

He tactfully declined, "Hall Master Tie, the Demon Subjugation Hall stands behind this junior. My success was also due to the full support of Lord Zhong Dao. Therefore, this ownership right absolutely cannot be transferred."

Ning Zhuo repeated his old trick, using the Demon Subjugation Hall as a tiger's skin to borrow their prestige.

But this time, Tie Kuang wasn't bluffed. Instead, he let out a loud laugh, "Ning Zhuo, stop spouting this nonsense. I already know about the secret contract you signed with Zhongli Mei."

Ning Zhuo immediately revealed a look of astonishment.

Tie Kuang continued, "You don't need to worry. In truth, the Artifact Refining Hall and the Demon Subjugation Hall have a very good relationship behind the scenes. I can even negotiate with Zhong Dao on your behalf to discuss the specific shares of the Nanming Fire Furnace's ownership."

Ning Zhuo couldn't help but sneer inwardly.

Let Tie Kuang represent him to negotiate with Zhong Dao? This proposal was too outrageous. How could he agree to such a thing? If he really did that, he would completely lose his sovereignty. Given his current seniority and status, how could he possibly back out of the terms Tie Kuang agreed to on his behalf?

If the tiger skin was useless, then so be it!

Ning Zhuo stood up straight. He looked at Tie Kuang, his expression calm, his gaze frank, and his tone extremely firm, "Hall Master Tie, this junior thanks you for your guidance and good intentions. But this junior will not give up the sovereignty over the Nanming Fire Furnace. It's not just about not giving it to the Artifact Refining Hall, but not giving it to anyone!"

Tie Kuang looked at him for a good while.

"Good. You have ambition." He was also quite decisive, standing up directly to leave.

As he walked out the door, he left behind one sentence, "Then, Little Friend Ning Zhuo, I wish you success in your repairs!"

Tie Kuang flew away from Danxia Peak. Along the way, he began issuing orders and making arrangements.

He secretly issued a strict command: all cultivators within the Artifact Refining Hall were forbidden from helping Ning Zhuo repair the Nanming Fire Furnace in any form!

"Ning Zhuo, oh Ning Zhuo, if you had relied on the Demon Subjugation Hall before, that would have been fine."

"But now, you've signed a secret contract with Danxia Peak. This is the biggest mistake you've made since joining the Myriad Manifestations Sect!"

"'If in the future I stand at the peak, I will laugh and ask who bestowed my merits.' Hehe. Ultimately, still a youngster. Too young, winning too much too easily has made him arrogant."

Inside the room, Ning Zhuo was alone, head bowed and frowning as he fell into deep thought.

Who had leaked the secret contract?

Zhongli Mei? Chunyangzi?

Compared to the former, Chunyangzi was the more likely possibility.

"Does this mean the Artifact Refining Hall is also trying to recruit Chunyangzi? So, after rejecting me, Chunyangzi directly sold the intel regarding the secret contract to the Artifact Refining Hall?"

"Furthermore, considering the situation of the Demon Subjugation Hall, it's also highly motivated and possible for Danxia Peak to intentionally leak the secret contract."

At this moment, Ning Zhuo deeply felt isolated and unsupported.

He knew the reason for Tie Kuang's visit. Tie Kuang was the first to notice Ning Zhuo's weakness, and like a wild beast hunting its prey, he immediately lunged forward to take a bite.

Fundamentally, Ning Zhuo signing the secret contract had allowed outsiders to see through the truth of his relationship with the Demon Subjugation Hall.

All along, Ning Zhuo had used the Demon Subjugation Hall as a tiger skin to deter many external powerhouses. But now, this borrowed prestige had lost its effect.

"It is foreseeable that Tie Kuang is the first, but he absolutely won't be the last. Next, there will be even more people coming to tear at me."

Ning Zhuo's impression of Tie Kuang deepened significantly. This person seemed boorish but actually possessed great political acumen. To be able to serve as the leader of one of the Sixteen Halls, he truly had the capability.

Tie Kuang's words were consistently filled with threats. If he were to leak the secret contract, it would create immense trouble for Ning Zhuo.

"The final sentence he dropped might also be hinting at the suppression that will soon follow."

"The Nanming Fire Furnace is a hot potato indeed!"

In the past, Ning Zhuo was welcomed wherever he went simply because he was a talent with a bright future.

Now that he had the Nanming Fire Furnace, many people coveted this heavy treasure and thus consecutively made their moves against him. Harboring such intentions naturally carried much more malice.

And what Ning Zhuo wanted to do now was to make himself independent as quickly as possible during this turbulent period.

"Before, I relied on the Confucian cultivator faction and the Demon Subjugation Hall's Zhong Dao. Now that there is such a good opportunity, why shouldn't I build up my own faction within the sect?"