Chapter 9: Ordinary Person Falling into a Trap

Ning Chen and Ning Yong sat on the second floor of a restaurant, leaning on the windowsill and keeping their eyes trained on the street below.

“Look, it’s Ning Zhuo.”

"Let's go!"

The two quickly walked over and “coincidentally” bumped into Ning Zhuo.

“Ning Zhuo?” Ning Yong called out.

Ning Zhuo looked at the two people in surprise, then smiled: “Ning Yong, Ning Chen.”

These two were Ning Zhuo’s classmates when he was in the academy.

Ning Chen pretended to lament: “I haven’t seen you since the graduation exam. It feels like it’s been ages.”

Ning Zhuo’s thoughts moved slightly, and he said: “Although only a few days have passed, many things have happened. It’s only natural that it feels like a long time since we last met.”

Ning Yong said: “I heard that you argued with your aunt and uncle after the exam, and refused to accept their help. Don’t you find it tough, living on your own? How are you earning spirit stones for your cultivation?”

Ning Zhuo hesitated before replying: “Currently, I’m working part-time in a mechanical workshop. How about you guys?”

Ning Yong chuckled and said proudly: “We’ve joined the Monster Hunting Association!

“Actually, we were just buying supplies to prepare for an outing; tonight, we’ll be heading into the monster cavern to hunt monster beasts with the seniors of the Monster Hunting Association.

“How about it, doesn’t it sound exciting?”

Ning Zhuo opened his mouth slightly in surprise: “You’re entering the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern? Isn’t it too dangerous?”

“Dangerous? What can you accomplish if you’re always cowering away from death?” Ning Yong puffed up his chest and looked at Ning Zhuo in disdain. “Young people like us should explore everything we can. If we don’t take any risks, how will we earn money? Without money to accelerate our cultivation, just how long do you think it will take to establish a foundation?”

Ning Chen said: “He’s just boasting, don’t listen to him. The Monster Hunting Association has other cultivators from our Ning Clan in it. You’ve heard of Sir Ning Zhanji, right?

“He’s the one leading this expedition into the cavern. Tonight is also when the lava flow ebbs, so it’s very safe.”

Ning Chen tried his best to assuage Ning Zhuo’s worries.

Ning Zhuo’s expression became envious. Seeing this, Ning Yong directly extended an invitation: “Listen, Ning Zhuo, you should quit that workshop job. Just go cavern exploring with us.

“There are many treasures hidden in the monster cavern. How much do you earn in a week with that job of yours? A single spirit plant from the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern might be enough to match your weekly salary!”

Ning Zhuo shook his head and waved his hands in refusal: “My swordsmanship scores were never good. Fighting monster beasts is too dangerous for me.”

“Coward!” Ning Yong snorted and was about to continue speaking.

Ning Chen stopped him with a glare, then smiled and said to Ning Zhuo: “Ning Zhuo, you should probably just go back and apologize to your aunt and uncle, then beg them to pull some strings and get you into the family business. That would be much better than running around outside to find work!”

Ning Zhuo immediately shook his head, full of the spirit of youth. He firmly said: “Since it’s come to this point, I can never bow my head.”

Ning Chen chuckled: “I wonder how your aunt and uncle feel, watching you barely making ends meet by slaving away in that little mechanical workshop.

“Maybe they’re thinking, ‘Look at that ignorant child Ning Zhuo. Without our help, all he can do is struggle in poverty at the lowest level of society!’”

Ning Zhuo’s brows immediately furrowed and his face darkened. It seemed that these words had struck his weak point.

Smiling inwardly, Ning Chen continued blabbering…

A while later.

Watching Ning Zhuo’s departing figure, Ning Yong said: “Ning Zhuo’s grades were better than ours, but so what? We still easily provoked him and into going with us tonight.”

Ning Chen sighed: “Ning Zhuo is an ordinary person just like us. He’s been plotted against so carefully. If it were me, I would probably also fall into the trap. Sigh…”

Ning Yong noticed his friend’s low mood and consoled: “Although Ning Zhuo is our classmate, we’re currently Sir Ning Zhanji’s subordinates. This time, Sir Ning Zhanji personally ordered us to complete this task. Compared with our future, what is this little friendship between classmates? Honestly, we were never even that close with Ning Zhuo in the first place!”

Ning Chen shook his head slightly: “Forget it. Now we can finally report back to Sir Ning Zhanji. Let’s get going.”

That evening, Ning Zhuo arrived at the meeting spot alone. Ning Yong smiled and led him over to the team, and Ning Chen brought him to Ning Zhanji.

Ning Zhanji was a burly middle-aged man with long eyebrows. His face was expressionless as he looked Ning Chen up and down.

“Since you are also surnamed Ning, I’ll give you some care and allow you to join the team. But remember, everything you do must be in accordance with my orders.”

"This junior understands!" Ning Zhuo hurriedly said.

Ning Zhuo quickly recalled what he knew about Ning Zhanji.

Many years ago, the Ning Clan had started deliberately sending its people into various organizations in and around Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

Ning Zhanji was one of these people.

Thanks to his great power and swift decision-making, he was often able to seize fleeting opportunities on the battlefield, and eventually stood out as a general-like figure.

This time, Ning Zhanji had received a bribe from Ning Ze, so he sent Ning Chen and Ning Yong to provoke Ning Zhuo into coming here.

Ning Zhanji glanced twice at Ning Zhuo, then withdrew his gaze. In his mind, he scoffed: “Third level of Qi Refining? Nothing special.”

Soon, the whole group had gathered; more than 50 people in total.

Among these people, the vast majority were surnamed Ning. As for the few outsiders, they all had close relations with the Ning Clan.

Ning Zhanji led the team and began moving toward the Scarlet Flame Monster Volcanic Cavern.

Fire Persimmon Immortal City was a typical mountain city. Most of the buildings were concentrated on the mountainside, with the areas closer to the center being higher up on the mountain. The very center was located at the volcanic crater on top of the mountain. As for the outskirts, they were located lower on the mountain and even stretched out on the land below.

Ning Zhuo and the rest quickly made their way up the mountain. After passing several checkpoints and undergoing some perfunctory inspections, they finally reached the top.

This was the mouth of the volcano, suffused with dense spirit energy and radiating waves of heat. The air was filled with the noxious smell of sulfur.

Although it was nighttime, bright flames danced about inside the volcanic crater, giving off light that allowed Ning Zhuo to see the curls of white smoke rising up from the lava.

Many smoke larks could be seen flitting about, zooming in and out of the white smoke.

Ning Zhuo and the others arrived at the very edge of the volcanic crater and looked down. There inside the crater, they saw a vast rocky field.

The rocks were red with heat, radiating a scorching aura at all times. In some spots, the rocks were closely joined, while in others, there were cracks between the rocky plates that revealed orange-red lava underneath. Many rocks also had holes in them.

Some of these holes spewed gouts of flame, while others had lava flowing out. There were also holes that seemed dark and bottomless – tunnels leading into the cavern deep underground.

The crater walls and rocky field were almost perpendicular, and the cliffs were perfectly smooth. Obviously, this wasn’t natural; human intervention had led to the entire crater being scooped open like a cup.

Looking toward the center, Ning Zhuo saw that there were more and more holes in the rocky plates, and these holes were also bigger than the ones at the periphery.

In the end, his gaze fixated on the very center of the rocky field.

There, he saw a lake of lava.

