Chapter 902: Situ Xing vs Ning Zhuo - Sound Bamboo

The Big Dipper Seven Luminaries Sword Formation was definitely ineffective now.

Situ Xing felt strange and confused, not knowing how to respond for a moment.

Ning Zhuo added, "If you have no energy left to spare, I might as well stop and let you set up your formation."

Hearing this, a rush of anger shot straight to Situ Xing's head, and his face turned red with rage.

"Ning Zhuo bullies me too much!" Situ Xing gnashed his teeth. Driven by anger, he directly threw out the trump cards he originally hadn't planned to use.

And he threw out three in a row!

A Star-Mane Sword Wolf, entirely silver-white with a mane like a meteor's tail flame, pale gold eyes, and a row of dagger-like bone spikes along its spine.

A Seven-Star Sword Butterfly, with a three-foot wingspan and deep blue, transparent wings. As it danced, it trailed a trajectory of stardust - breathtakingly beautiful, yet hiding lethal intent.

A Starlight Sword Falcon, with a wingspan of twelve feet, its entire body covered in silver-gray feathers tipped with pale blue starlight. Its talons were like sword hooks, its beak like a sword tip, and sword light flashed in its eyes.

All three demonic beasts were at the Golden Core-level, specially borrowed by Situ Xing from his clan to deal with Ning Zhuo's Golden Core-level mechanical puppets.

In fact, ever since his battle with Zhu Fenxiang, he had been recuperating while preparing to face Ning Zhuo.

The three demonic beasts besieged Ning Zhuo, while Situ Xing took the opportunity to begin setting up a new sword formation.

The beast pets required no direction from Situ Xing; they surprisingly coordinated with tacit understanding. All of them could fly and continuously assaulted Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo fought using the Black Iron Han Armor - Golden Swallow Model for a while before decisively throwing out a mechanical puppet.

It was a humanoid puppet, over seven feet tall. Its entire body was a semi-transparent bamboo-green, and cyan-black meridians could be seen from the outside. Its body was stacked like bamboo joints, with twisted patterns at the joints.

Its face had no features, only a deep void where starlight occasionally flickered.

It was exactly the Open-Valley Blade-Folding Bodyguard.

This was the only Golden Core-level mechanical puppet from Qing Huangzi's legacy, the Empty Valley Syllable Azure Mechanism Cylinder inheritance.

Since obtaining it, Ning Zhuo had practiced controlling it during the gaps in his daily cultivation, but the accumulated time was quite short.

This time, Ning Zhuo took the initiative to use it in actual combat.

Five Elements Condensing Thread!

Ning Zhuo utilized spiritual energy hanging threads to control it.

The Open-Valley Blade-Folding Bodyguard engaged the Star-Mane Sword Wolf, continuously tangling with it and sharply reducing Ning Zhuo's pressure.

Ning Zhuo withdrew the Black Iron Han Armor - Golden Swallow Model and swapped to another set of mechanical battle armor.

Seven hundred and twenty bamboo-green armor plates flew out from his storage bag, splicing together seamlessly over Ning Zhuo's body. The joints were layered like bamboo nodes, allowing free movement.

The patterns on the surface of the plates connected precisely, forming a suit of green bamboo battle robes.

It was precisely the Azure Bamboo Myriad Transformation Armor.

As the Starlight Sword Falcon swooped down, Ning Zhuo raised his left arm.

With a thought, the armor plates on his left arm flew out with a clack-clack sound, multiplying from one to two, two to four, their numbers expanding fiercely.

The extra armor plates spliced together, transforming into a green bamboo shield.

The Starlight Sword Falcon's assault was blocked by the green bamboo shield, and Ning Zhuo took a small step back.

He straightened his right arm and made a grasping motion in the air. Accompanied by his divine sense control, the armor plates on his right arm also rapidly increased, forming a green bamboo square hammer gripped in Ning Zhuo's hand.

Ning Zhuo swung the massive hammer, smashing the attacking Seven-Star Sword Butterfly to the ground in a single blow.

"Whoa!" Shen Xi and Lin Jinglong, who were watching the battle, exclaimed in unison once again. Their eyes shot out bright gleams as they stared fixedly at the Azure Bamboo Myriad Transformation Armor, their envy spilling over.

Using the battle as practice, Ning Zhuo fought for a short while but felt increasingly restricted.

"Although this Azure Bamboo Myriad Transformation Armor can also change its components and increase speed, in the end, it still isn't as swift as the Black Iron Han Armor - Golden Swallow Model."

Realizing this, Ning Zhuo threw out the Forest-Piercing Azure Python Chariot.

Its main material was the thousand-year Ground-Crawling Azure Python Bamboo. Ninety-nine bamboo tube sections interlocked with one another, with flood dragon sinews embedded in the gaps between the joints, allowing it to stretch and travel like a living python or giant anaconda.

Ning Zhuo sat squarely on the Horned Dragon Coiled Bamboo Chair mounted on the python's body. With a flick of his hand, he whipped out a mechanical long whip.

It was entirely emerald green like jade, and each section of the whip's body was shaped like a bamboo joint, interlocking seamlessly. Cloud patterns flowed on the surface of the whip, and azure light flickered faintly in the gaps between the joints. The tip of the whip was shaped like a sharp bamboo shoot, capable of piercing. The tail of the whip was shaped like a bamboo root, capable of hooking and locking.

It was precisely the Langgan Hundred-Joint Whip.

The Forest-Piercing Azure Python Chariot emitted a low hum. The bamboo tubes extended, and it darted out like a living python, easily dodging the Starlight Sword Falcon's pounce.

Taking advantage of the momentum, Ning Zhuo swung the Langgan Hundred-Joint Whip.

The whip body drew an emerald arc in the air. The hollow cavities between the joints compressed, letting out sharp, explosive pops. The one hundred and eight joints resonated sequentially, the sounds layering upon each other until it sounded like ten thousand bamboo stalks chiming together.

Mechanical Art - Firecracker Whip!

The long whip lashed onto the Starlight Sword Falcon's body, sending it flying straight away.

Crack, crack, crack...

As the Starlight Sword Falcon flew backward, continuous firecracker-like explosive sounds erupted from inside and outside its body, subjecting it to a series of follow-up attacks.

The Langgan Hundred-Joint Whip also belonged to the Empty Valley Syllable Azure Mechanism Cylinder. The defining characteristic of this inheritance was using musical techniques to control mechanisms, and using mechanisms to unleash musical techniques, complementing each other perfectly.

The Mechanical Art, Firecracker Whip, could only be executed using the Langgan Hundred-Joint Whip. Initially, it used explosive sounds to accelerate the whipping and swinging speed of the long whip, then it increased the attack power of the lash, and finally, it whipped sonic booms directly into the target's body for secondary detonations.

Riding the Forest-Piercing Azure Python Chariot, Ning Zhuo abruptly accelerated, the python body continuously carving arcs in mid-air. The Langgan Hundred-Joint Whip danced continuously in Ning Zhuo's hands, sometimes lashing out in a straight line, sometimes spinning like a windmill.

Crack, crack, crack...

The sound of firecrackers rang out incessantly.

The Starlight Sword Falcon was whipped until its feathers flew everywhere, the Seven-Star Sword Butterfly was left tottering and on the verge of falling, and the Star-Mane Sword Wolf, having finally shaken off the Open-Valley Blade-Folding Bodyguard's entanglement and lunged forward, was also whipped until it howled in pain, completely battered.

Shen Xi and Lin Jinglong watched, dumbfounded.

Shen Xi marveled, "So Brother Ning is actually a true Mechanism Cultivator!"

Previously, he had thought that Ning Zhuo's identity as a "Mechanism Cultivator" was merely a layer of disguise, false intelligence deliberately spread.

Although Ning Zhuo had used Golden Core-level puppets like Snow-Colored Maiden Hui before, none of it had truly demonstrated his profound attainment in mechanical arts.

Having witnessed this battle between Ning Zhuo and Situ Xing with his own eyes, Shen Xi finally confirmed that Ning Zhuo possessed formidable attainments in mechanical arts.

Lin Jinglong, on the other hand, secretly swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

He felt a wave of lingering fear, along with a sense of rejoicing.

He rejoiced that in his previous clash with Ning Zhuo, they hadn't fought to the bitter end.

"Ning Zhuo's combat power has skyrocketed so outrageously by using these mechanical constructs. He is facing the siege of three Golden Core-level demonic beasts simultaneously, after all!"

Such an increase in combat power was even more impactful than when Ning Zhuo previously used the Black Iron Han Armor - Golden Swallow Model.

Faster, even faster. Situ Xing was also secretly alarmed. An unavoidable tension gripped his heart as he raced against time to continue establishing the sword formation.

As a result, in the next moment, Ning Zhuo spoke again, "Fellow Daoist Situ, are you still not ready?"

Situ Xing almost spat out a mouthful of old blood.

This was too infuriating!

Situ Xing took out an array map and threw it directly out.

Cosmic Starry Sky Array Map.

The scroll unrolled in mid-air, about three feet long and one foot wide. Woven from Star Silkworm Silk, the scroll depicted three hundred and sixty-five primary stars and fourteen thousand eight hundred auxiliary stars. They were densely packed, as if a genuine starry sky had been compressed into this one-square-foot scroll.

Star patterns flowed, and silver light blazed brilliantly. The phantoms of three hundred and sixty-five primary stars flew out from the scroll, hanging above the martial arts arena, echoing the real stars in the night sky.

"Cosmic Starry Sky, heed my command!" Situ Xing shouted, pointing the Star-Guiding Sword.

Immediately, three hundred and sixty-five star sword phantoms flew out of the array map. The sword phantoms aligned according to the positions of the cosmic starry sky - the Purple Forbidden Enclosure, the Supreme Palace Enclosure, the Heavenly Market Enclosure, the Twenty-Eight Mansions, and the three hundred and sixty-five primary stars all fell into place.

Cosmic Starry Sky Sword Formation, complete!

"A full three hundred and sixty-five primary stars... After utilizing the array map, the power of this sword formation has directly surged by more than three times!" Shen Xi couldn't hide his shock.

He clearly remembered that during Situ Xing's battle with Zhu Fenxiang, when he independently established the exact same sword formation, there were only one hundred and eight star sword phantoms.

"Retreat," Situ Xing ordered his three Golden Core beast pets.

He was not a beast tamer; once he attacked, he wouldn't be able to coordinate with the three Golden Core demonic beasts, which would only create severe internal friction.

The three Golden Core demonic beasts were already exhausted and finding it hard to fight. They each bore injuries, so they obeyed the command and swiftly retreated to the side.

Hundreds of star sword phantoms assailed Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo held the mechanical long whip in one hand and took out the Five Elements Generation and Destruction Fan with the other.

He waved his lifebound magic artifact, summoning a vortex of blended water and fire that swept towards Situ Xing.

Wherever the vortex passed, the air was scorched and distorted, only to be cooled by water vapor, forming patches of white mist.

Situ Xing knew in his heart that this was Ning Zhuo's probe. He immediately mobilized the Star-Guiding Sword and pointed, sending out thirty star sword phantoms. These star sword phantoms pierced into the vortex, instantly triggering a series of bang, bang, bang explosions.

Under the attack of the thirty star sword phantoms, the water-fire vortex held out for five breaths before collapsing with a crash. Out of the thirty star swords, three were destroyed, while the starlight of the vast majority of the rest dimmed by fifty percent.

Ning Zhuo continuously cast techniques, launching non-stop long-range attacks.

At the same time, he directed the mechanical chariot to dodge and maneuver, continuously swinging his long whip to form a defensive stance, resisting the volley of hundreds of star sword phantoms.

The mechanical chariot was struggling to hold on, so Ning Zhuo immediately used Sleek and Slippery Talismans and Flowing Clouds and Water Talismans to help the chariot stabilize the situation. The Open-Valley Blade-Folding Bodyguard guarded his side, occasionally swallowing star sword phantoms into its stomach and grinding them into scattered star-dust qi.

However many star sword phantoms Situ Xing lost, he immediately replenished them from his side, always maintaining the maximum limit quantity.

Ning Zhuo's techniques were also cast out endlessly, as if they cost him nothing.

Shen Xi and Lin Jinglong could both see their intentions - both sides were probing.

Shen Xi sighed, "Ning Zhuo is at too much of a disadvantage. What he's facing is a sword formation, and it's the most complex sword formation Situ Xing has mastered. To probe out a result, his workload is simply massive."

"Indeed." Lin Jinglong strongly agreed. "On the other hand, Situ Xing only needs to probe the strength and flaws of Ning Zhuo's current fighting style."

The two exchanged thoughts via divine sense, both believing that Situ Xing would be the first to probe out a result and launch a strong offensive first.

But the one who made a change first was actually Ning Zhuo.

Ning Zhuo suddenly put away the mechanical long whip and took out a zither.

Without the long whip's defense, the star sword phantoms struck toward his body. In response, Ning Zhuo once again brought out the Golden Light Collar and Cyan-White Jade Ring, blocking the majority of them. The remaining few star swords that occasionally pierced through the light membranes ultimately returned without achieving any results against the Azure Bamboo Myriad Transformation Armor.

Ning Zhuo placed the zither on his lap and pressed his ten fingers onto the strings.

His expression grew somewhat more serious.

Then, his fingers abruptly plucked the strings.

Zheng - 

A zither note exploded, like the tearing of silk and snapping of strings, like the clashing of metal and iron. The sound was sharp and ear-piercing, like a red-hot profound iron awl viciously gouging into everyone's cochleae and piercing straight into their cranial cavities.

Subsequently, Ning Zhuo's hands danced across the zither strings, sweeping across them like a tempestuous storm.

Countless zither notes burst forth from his fingertips - shrill, violent, much like furious roars. The sounds were tearing and carried intense penetrating power, nearly rupturing the eardrums of all living beings present.

Silk-Tearing Lingchi Zither.

Dawn Demon-Cleansing Score!

At the same time, Ning Zhuo mobilized his divine sense, releasing a massive number of mechanical flying birds from his Storage Belt.

The flying birds numbered in the thousands and tens of thousands, forming a dense, dark cloud that blotted out the sky above the entire battlefield, rolling and sweeping forward.

Situ Xing gritted his teeth, suddenly feeling the hardship.

On one hand, he had to face the siege of the mechanical bird flock; on another, he had to stabilize his sword formation to counter the sonic attacks; and thirdly, he still had to control the star sword phantoms to continuously attack Ning Zhuo and pressure him.

The two sides stalemated for a moment. Situ Xing's face turned pale, his head covered in sweat, and his divine sense and spiritual energy plummeted rapidly.

In contrast, Ning Zhuo remained calm and collected, even growing more unhurried and proficient.

With a thought, Ning Zhuo dispatched the Open-Valley Blade-Folding Bodyguard to attack the Cosmic Starry Sky Sword Formation.

Although the mechanical flying birds were numerous, they lacked fort-busting capabilities. The Open-Valley Blade-Folding Bodyguard acted like the tip of a spear, successively breaking through several formation cores of the sword array as if aided by a god.

Seeing that the trend was turning against him, Situ Xing hastily went on the full defensive, then once again deployed the three Golden Core demonic beasts to besiege Ning Zhuo.

Seeing the three beasts charging, Ning Zhuo played the zither with one hand and took out the mechanical long whip with the other, lashing out with crack, crack sounds.

The three demonic beasts flinched at the sight of the long whip. They forced themselves to fight, but were soon whipped black and blue, crying out in pain.

Seeing the three demonic beasts' conditions nosedive, rendering their value for actual combat training negligible, Ning Zhuo officially began to wrap up this battle.

He waved the Five Elements Generation and Destruction Fan, suddenly shooting out a streak of golden lightning that blasted the demonic wolf unconscious on the spot.

He then flicked his long whip, locking the flying falcon and rendering it unable to move.

Afterward, he activated the Mystic Weapon Armor - Old Cold Leg, delivering a fierce kick to the star butterfly, which was already a spent force. The kick smashed it into the ground, freezing its entire body and leaving it unable to get up.

Free from constraints, Ning Zhuo struck again, attacking the Cosmic Starry Sky Sword Formation.

After several of the formation's cores were dismantled, Situ Xing let out a furious roar and suddenly took the initiative to withdraw the array.

The massive power of the formation was coalesced onto the Star-Guiding Sword in advance.

"Ning Zhuo, I haven't lost yet!" Situ Xing roared at Ning Zhuo, and in the next moment, he fiercely leaped toward his lifebound flying sword.

In the next moment, starlight and sword qi violently spewed in all directions. Subsequently, a massive flying sword phantom shot straight toward Ning Zhuo. Situ Xing himself, however, seemed to have completely vanished without a trace.

Flying Sword Technique: Human and Sword as One!

A shooting star flew over. Wherever it passed, the air was torn apart, and the battered ground was plowed into a deep trench by the terrifying air pressure.

This was a strike born from Situ Xing mobilizing all his power, putting everything on the line!

Shen Xi and Lin Jinglong both changed expressions.

"Dodge quickly!"

"No, this move has already firmly locked onto Ning Zhuo. He can't dodge it!"

Just as the two were fraught with tension, Ning Zhuo merely mobilized his divine sense slightly and released a mechanical puppet.

She was six feet three inches tall, taking a female form with a tall and elegant figure. Her cheeks were covered by a snow porcelain faceplate, her black hair was woven from Ice Silkworm Silk, and her body was covered in a layer of three-colored enamel armor.

It was precisely Snow-Colored Maiden Hui.

Snow-Colored Maiden Hui took a step forward, protecting Ning Zhuo behind her.

Three pairs of jade arms spread out at her sides, and her slender fingers formed hand seals, mobilizing spiritual energy and activating her Innate Talent!

Walls of ice rose up in front of Ning Zhuo one after another.

The shooting star smashed through the first, second, and third ice walls.

But it was halted at the fourth ice wall, becoming deeply embedded within it.

Afterward, the ice wall closed in, transforming into a massive block of ice that completely froze the now-revealed Situ Xing and his lifebound flying sword, making him look like a firefly trapped in amber.

Situ Xing stared deadly ahead, gnashing his teeth and glaring furiously.

He remained completely motionless, frozen solid and utterly thoroughly.

He had lost.