Chapter 103: The Injustice to Ning Ze

Afterward, Ning Xiaoren secretly summoned Ning Ze.

Ning Ze’s head was wrapped in bandages. When he stood before Ning Xiaoren, he bowed respectfully.

In his heart, Ning Xiaoren snorted coldly. He knew full well that Ning Ze could have easily healed the wound on his forehead, but kept it intentionally in order to garner sympathy. It was a display of his inner grievances, a reminder that he had endured hardships and made great contributions.

Ning Xiaoren gave a cold snort inwardly. He knew full well that Ning Ze could have easily healed the wound on his forehead, but had deliberately kept it to gain sympathy. It was a display of his inner grievance, a reminder that he had made contributions and endured hardships.

“Ah, Ning Ze. Come and sit.” Ning Xiaoren had a gentle smile on his face as he spoke.

Ning Ze sat down without any pretense. “Sir Junior Patriarch, this subordinate is truly confused. It was clearly Sir Junior Patriarch who ordered me to do that, so how come suddenly…”

Ning Xiaoren raised a hand to interrupt Ning Ze. “I’ll say just one thing. The true inventor of the explosive fire monkey is Ning Zhuo.”

Ning Ze was stunned and thought he had misheard. “Wha-what?!”

Ning Xiaoren gave no further explanation. He leaned back in his chair, picking up his teacup and slowly sipping from it.

When Ning Ze finally processed what he had heard, he jumped to his feet in shock. His eyes opened wide as he whispered, “Littel Zhuo… Little Zhuo is actually the one who made the explosive fire monkey?!”

Ning Xiaoren only glanced at him, still saying nothing.

Ning Ze opened his mouth wide in disbelief. His eyes went blank for a moment before his focus returned.

"No wonder... no wonder he had such great wealth.

“But, but he said himself that this matter involves a Golden Core cultivator…”

Ning Xiaoren set down his teacup and sighed. “It was Fei Si. Fei Si wanted to claim credit and so presented the explosive fire monkey to Sir City Lord. But Ning Zhuo wasn’t his subordinate; rather, Chen Cha was. Thus, Chen Cha secretly coerced Ning Zhuo and stole the credit for this invention.

"This matter is still under investigation, but it's more or less confirmed."

"So that’s how it is, that’s how it is." Ning Ze let out a deep breath as the weight on his chest suddenly lifted. He looked guilty. "I’ve wronged him.

"But in that situation, I had no other choice.

"I had to give the clan, especially Sir Junior Patriarch, an explanation."

Ning Xiaoren smiled. "I know, I know. Come, sit back down."

Ning Ze sat down again.

Ning Xiaoren continued, "I know your loyalty. You needed to give me an explanation. But now, how am I supposed to give Ning Zhuo an explanation?"

"Ah?" Ning Ze was puzzled.

"Here’s the issue." Ning Xiaoren stood up and slowly walked around the desk to the front.

"Ning Zhuo’s cultivation base is at the peak of the third layer of Qi Refining. The Five Elements Qi Regulation Incantation is especially suited to him. He was also able to invent the explosive fire monkey, so he is sure to become our clan's key figure in the exploration of the Lava Immortal Palace.

“Our clan needs to use him. We need to make great use of him, to make heavy use of him!

“He is a rare seed of mechanical talent.

“But what’s the current situation? He’s been wronged, and a gap has opened between him and the clan.

“If you were the one in his position, how would you feel?”

By now, Ning Xiaoren had walked over to stand right in front of Ning Ze.

Ning Ze hurriedly rose to his feet. Sensing an ominous premonition, he said, “If I were Ning Zhuo, subjected to investigation like he was, it wouldn’t bother me! I wouldn’t feel any grievance at all. On the contrary, I would be deeply grateful to the clan for giving me a chance to prove my innocence!

“I am a man of the Ning Clan. Being loyal to the clan, contributing to the clan, and even sacrificing for it are all things I should do.”

"Hahaha." Ning Xiaoren pointed a finger at Ning Ze and nodded. "You have a strong sense of duty, Ning Ze. Not bad at all.

"I didn’t misjudge you!"

Ning Ze quickly responded with modesty.

But then Ning Xiaoren’s tone shifted. “But Ning Zhuo is not you. He’s only sixteen year’s old. What could he possibly understand? How could he have the same level of awareness as you?"

Ning Ze said, “Yes, this subordinate will surely guide him well in the future and lead him onto the righteous path!”

Ning Xiaoren nodded. "That’s something for the future.

“But right now, Little Zhuo is feeling hurt. As his elders, we of course must care for him, help him climb over his emotional hurdles, heal the wounds in his heart, let him grow up happily, and allow him to cultivate with joy. Isn’t that right?”

The more Ning Ze listened, the more uneasy he felt.

Ning Xiaoren continued, “As elders, we must have the spirit of sacrifice. Ning Ze, do you have such a spirit?”

Pressured by Ning Xiaoren’s direct gaze, Ning Ze could only force himself to seek guidance.

Ning Xiaoren then transmitted a message to him and revealed his plan.

Ning Ze was instantly horrified and waved his hands. “S-Sir, how can such a thing be done? Where would that leave me?!”

As it turned out, Ning Xiaoren’s plan was to launch an investigation against Ning Ze. Ning Ze, under the pressure of the investigation, would “confess the truth”. His confession would consist of the following story: Over the years, Ning Xiaoren had actually been supporting Ning Zhuo in secret, sending over many spirit stones and numerous cultivation resources. However, Ning Ze had embezzled these funds and deliberately mistreated Ning Zhuo.

Now that Ning Zhuo was gaining attention, Ning Ze was consumed by jealousy and greed, especially upon hearing of the vast fortune that Ning Zhuo possessed. Under the guise of investigation, he attempted to extort Ning Zhuo.

At the critical moment, the ever-loyal and boundlessly compassionate Ning Xiaoren appeared to stop it. Later, an internal investigation uncovered the truth that had been buried for over a decade.

Ning Ze wanted no part in such a scandal!

It was obviously Ning Ze who had been heartless and ungrateful, neglecting Ning Zhuo for the past sixteen years. Now he wanted to pin all the blame on Ning Ze?

Too despicable, too small-minded!

“Will you do it or not? Are you still my subordinate?” Ning Xiaoren shot Ning Ze a glare and directly resorted to threats.

“Do dare not to do it? Think well on the consequences!

“Think about your son. Ning Ji, right? He seems to be doing pretty well in the clan’s industry at the moment.”

A bone-piercing chill spread through Ning Ze’s heart.

Looking at the stern and forceful Ning Xiaoren, he suddenly realized that the man had appointed him as the head of the investigation team not because he trusted him or valued his connection with Ning Zhuo, nor in order to uncover the source of Ning Zhuo’s wealth.

“No, that damned Ning Xiaoren is trying to seize Little Zhuo’s wealth, framing me and stepping on my body to rope him in!”

Realizing the truth, Ning Ze turned red with fury. He clenched his fists and his breathing grew heavy.

Seeing his reaction, Ning Xiaoren sneered disdainfully.

That single sneer was like glacial water from the arctic north, instantly extinguishing the flames of rage in Ning Ze’s heart.

Ning Xiaoren was the junior patriarch, as well as his direct superior. What could he even do?

Obviously, Ning Ze was the one who raised Ning Zhuo for the past ten-plus years. Even though he hadn’t been particularly attentive, Ning Zhuo had indeed grown up under his shelter.

But now, in order to win over Ning Zhuo and snatch the credit, Ning Xiaoren wanted to frame and wrong Ning Ze, fabricating a story to cover up his own neglect.

Truly sinister. Truly despicable!

But there was no way around it.

Ning Ze had no choice.

He could only grit his teeth and swallow this injustice, bearing the blame that shouldn’t have belonged to him.

Because he was a subordinate! He relied on Ning Xiaoren to make a living. Ning Xiaoren was the junior patriarch, second only to the real patriarch in the Ning Clan. Even if Ning Ze resisted with all his might, he would still be forced to comply in the end.

In that moment, Ning Ze suddenly thought of the recent scene where he had pressured Ning Zhuo.

“So this is what it feels like to be forced by someone else and completely unable to resist. It’s so… painful.” His heart was full of bitterness and despair.

Following these thoughts, he suddenly felt that he was only getting what he deserved.

“Sir Junior Patirarch, it was indeed I who embezzled your secret support. Everything was all my fault!” Ning Ze’s voice had turned hoarse, and his expression was extremely unsightly.

Only then did Ning Xiaoren pat his shoulder. "Don’t worry, I won’t treat you unfairly.

“For now you’ll be sent to the clan dungeon.

“I’ll let your wife know so she can visit you there.”

Ning Ze was stunned. He hadn’t expected everything to happen so quickly, and couldn’t help but look up at Ning Xiaoren.

Ning Xiaoren’s face was smiling, but a cold gleam flickered in his eyes.

Ning Ze could only lower his head and speak in a heavy tone, “This subordinate accepts the order.”

…

The Ning Clan patriarch returned to his residence with a smile on his face.

In today’s negotiations, the Ning Clan had obtained far more benefits than previously expected.

Ning Xiaoren came to report, not hesitating to reveal the matter of framing Ning Ze to win over Ning Zhuo.

The Ning Clan patriarch stroked his beard. After some thought, he said, “Your handling of this matter wasn’t bad.

“You must keep in mind that Ning Zhuo is no longer the same as before. At least for now, the clan needs his strength. Rein yourself in.” The Ning Clan patriarch was well aware of his son’s greedy nature.

A single glance from him made Ning Xiaoren break out in a cold sweat. He quickly nodded and promised to never again act in such a manner.

“Lord Father, these are the results of my urgent investigation.” Ning Zhuo handed over a thick stack of information.

A single name connected all this information.

Ning Zhuo.

