Chapter 917: Let Me Test Ning Zhuo's Mettle

Seeing this female cultivator, Jin Mantang and Ning Zhuo's expressions both changed.

Jin Mantang could hardly conceal a trace of disappointment, while Ning Zhuo revealed a sincere smile.

This was because this Golden Core female cultivator was none other than the Confucian cultivator, Dong Nishang.

The Confucian cultivator group of the Myriad Manifestations Sect had suffered a severe setback because of the Qin De incident and had been resting to recuperate. Later, the turmoil in the Cloud Prison and the unexpected death of Qin De had placed the entire Confucian cultivator group in a highly passive situation.

This was because Song Taosheng was deeply involved in that matter!

Even if Song Taosheng had already made moves to cut ties with the Confucian cultivator group beforehand, it all depended on whether the Myriad Manifestations Sect's higher-ups accepted it!

With Qin De gone, Wang Yu felt quite disappointed; he had recognized the former's talent. Furthermore, the former was the absolute best tool to suppress the Confucian cultivators. Now that this tool was lost, all the Myriad Manifestations Sect's higher-ups had left in their hands was the leverage they held against Song Taosheng.

So, did anyone think the Myriad Manifestations Sect's higher-ups would just let that go?!

There was no need to state the obvious.

Therefore, this leverage over Song Taosheng had become a sharp blade for the Myriad Manifestations Sect to target the Confucian cultivator group!

All along, the Confucian cultivator group and Ning Zhuo had maintained close ties. However, Ning Zhuo's current establishment of an alliance to charge the peak was causing too much of a stir. The Confucian cultivator group, led by Duanmu Zhang, needed to lay down their banners and keep a strictly low profile.

Thus, they did not dispatch members like Chu Xuangui, who had previous interactions and a good relationship with Ning Zhuo, but instead sent Dong Nishang.

Dong Nishang's advantage lay in the fact that she had also spent a portion of her net worth to repair the Naming Fire Furnace. Therefore, she was also a creditor.

It was precisely this debtor-creditor relationship that allowed her to attend here today.

"It's Senior Dong."

"Senior Dong has arrived."

The trio of Kong Ran, Liu Fushu, and Bai Jiyun temporarily paused their conversation with Situ Xing, Shen Xi, and Lin Jinglong, casting their gazes toward Dong Nishang.

Dong Nishang smiled and walked over to stand in front of Ning Zhuo.

"Hearing that Young Master is establishing an alliance, I, Dong Nishang, have specially come to offer my congratulations." Dong Nishang assumed a posture of greeting a peer.

"Mister Dong has always been my creditor. Today's establishment of the alliance will help repay that debt. This is a joyous occasion for both of us," Ning Zhuo said.

Dong Nishang couldn't help but nod, the smile on her face becoming even more evident.

Ning Zhuo's seemingly simple sentence left Dong Nishang exceptionally satisfied. By emphatically highlighting the debt issue, he hadn't mentioned a single word about his past friendship and close relationship with the Confucian cultivator group.

This was exactly the implicit desire of Dong Nishang and the Confucian cultivator group she represented.

Ning Zhuo's tact in this move was truly considerate.

"He knows his boundaries and has profound attainments in the Righteous Path!" Dong Nishang secretly praised in her heart.

She took out an item from her sleeve: a scroll of zither sheet music.

The sheet music was made of plain silk, slightly yellowed, with somewhat worn edges, showing it was an old item that had been frequently read. Four words were written in neat, small standard script on the plain silk: Phoenix Singing to the Morning Sun.

Dong Nishang held the sheet music in her palm and handed it to Ning Zhuo.

"Phoenix Singing to the Morning Sun," she said, her voice slow and gentle, every word as clear as pearls falling onto a jade plate. "The phoenix sings, on that high ridge. The parasol tree grows, facing that morning sun."

"This melody possesses a brilliant righteous aura. It can stimulate the majesty of avian creatures, making their feathers like armor." Dong Nishang's gaze fell into Ning Zhuo's eyes. "Young Master is establishing a stronghold on Flowing Cloud Peak, where avian creatures are numerous. This melody might be able to lend Young Master a helping hand."

Ning Zhuo accepted the sheet music.

The plain silk felt slightly cool to the touch, and the worn edges had been polished incredibly smooth by the passage of time.

Kong Ran, Situ Xing, and the others pondered it in their hearts, all feeling that this gift was given ingeniously.

Firstly, Ning Zhuo was skilled in sound techniques. Secondly, it perfectly suited an environment like Flowing Cloud Peak. Thirdly, it inherently contained a blessing. Fourthly, for Ning Zhuo, it was genuinely very practical.

The political foundation of Confucian cultivators had never been lacking. This could be seen just from Dong Nishang presenting this gift.

"Mister Dong's generous gift, Ning Zhuo will engrave in his memory." Ning Zhuo put away the music score and bowed solemnly.

Dong Nishang accepted the bow, and the two parted.

Kong Ran, Bai Jiyun, and Liu Fushu all stood up. Liu Fushu proactively welcomed her: "Senior Dong, the seats for the three of us are over here."

The three of them had only temporarily moved their seats to sit at Situ Xing's table to chat.

However, Dong Nishang politely declined. She didn't choose to sit with Kong Ran and the others, but instead walked to a table by the window and sat down alone.

The lighting there was soft, completely inconspicuous and unassuming.

The political stance and current situation of the Confucian cultivator group could easily be seen through Dong Nishang's actions!

Yet, even so, Dong Nishang's arrival remained a silent show of support for Ning Zhuo.

This made Jin Mantang feel disappointed in his heart; he was hoping the next Golden Core cultivator would be from Flowing Cloud Peak.

Soon, the next Golden Core cultivator arrived at the hall.

He wore a coarse indigo short jacket and pants, with numerous tool bags wrapped around his waist. A bronze measuring ruler hung in front of his chest, and he carried a wooden mechanism box on his back.

He was of medium build, with a square face, relatively dark skin, and regular but completely unremarkable facial features.

Upon seeing Ning Zhuo, he immediately broke into a smile and quickly walked toward him.

"Young Master Ning Zhuo!" Lu Zeng stopped in front of Ning Zhuo and cupped his fists, his movements clean and crisp.

Ning Zhuo chuckled, "Daoist Friend Lu, welcome to the ceremony."

"A small congratulatory gift, merely a token of my respect." Lu Zeng handed a Mechanism to Ning Zhuo. "This is an [Adaptation Token]. It's a new mechanism product I recently developed. For the majority of mechanism parts models on the market, by using this as an intermediary, they can link together."

"Oh?" Ning Zhuo was immediately intrigued.

In the field of Mechanisms, each family had its own standards, and each sect had its own specifications. Even Mechanisms from the same sect during different time periods were incompatible.

If the [Adaptation Token] was truly effective, it would solve a massive pain point and definitely be widely welcomed by the market.

After exchanging a few words, Lu Zeng temporarily bid farewell to Ning Zhuo to find a seat.

His gaze swept across the hall before he eventually sat down at Che Zhuzi's table.

He had always sold mechanical constructs to outsiders in exchange for his own cultivation resources, so he could be considered to be in the mechanism business.

Lu Zeng gave a simple self-introduction to Ye Qingming, Li Ku, Jin Mantang, and Che Zhuzi, and was immediately accepted into their circle.

Unlike Che Zhuzi, he was a Human.

And with this friend of Ning Zhuo's present, Che Zhuzi's awkward situation was also greatly alleviated.

The early morning sunlight slanted in long rays through the window lattices, casting bright golden lines across more tables and illuminating the fine dust in the air down to the smallest detail.

As time passed, guests began to arrive in droves.

Two female cultivators arrived together.

The older one walked in front, her hair piled high and secured with a bone hairpin. She wore a dark brown magic robe, the surface densely embroidered with dark gold silk threads forming prayer texts.

The younger one was half a step behind. She wore an ochre-red magic robe, its surface similarly covered in prayer runes. She wore no hair accessories. Her black hair cascaded over her shoulders, casually tied behind her head with a dark brown incense string. The ends of the string hung down, adorned with a tiny copper incense burner pendant.

The two female cultivators had similar facial features, but their auras were distinctly different.

When Situ Xing saw this pair, his pupils suddenly shrank sharply.

The arrivals were none other than the mother and daughter pair, Zhu Guizhi and Zhu Fenxiang.

The two walked up to Ning Zhuo. Zhu Guizhi spoke, her voice neither high nor low, her speaking pace neither fast nor slow: "Young Master Ning Zhuo, congratulations. Today, Heavenly Treasure Pavilion establishes its alliance with such a grand scene. Young Master's future is boundless."

Ning Zhuo cupped his hands in return, his posture calm and unhurried, his smile sincere but not overly enthusiastic.

After presenting their congratulatory gifts, the mother and daughter took their seats.

Situ Xing observed the entire process more attentively than ever. To his secret relief, Ning Zhuo's interaction with Zhu Guizhi and Zhu Fenxiang was not particularly warm.

"But if I don't join this alliance, and Zhu Fenxiang does, will Ning Zhuo's attitude change?"

Thinking of this, Situ Xing furrowed his brows, unable to hide his worry.

Just as the Zhu family mother and daughter sat down, Jiang Ping arrived.

Whispers arose from all corners simultaneously, like a startled swarm of bees.

Jiang Ping was Wang Yu's disciple and held a special status. His arrival to a large extent represented Wang Yu's attitude.

Watching Jiang Ping chat with Ning Zhuo while presenting a congratulatory gift, Jin Mantang's face sank like water, and Ye Qingming's expression didn't look good either. Even Li Ku shot a couple of glances at Jiang Ping. The weight of his presence was evident.

Tao Liweng practically followed him in.

Not only was he one of Ning Zhuo's creditors, but he had also signed a secret contract and was going to join the alliance.

Logically speaking, he should have arrived early to bolster their momentum.

However, he severely lacked political acumen. While others spent their year-round seclusion in their cave manors, he spent his seclusion inside his own alchemy furnace. Oblivious to these social cues, he failed to make such a gesture.

Mu Yuehua arrived.

She was very young, with an elegant face and skin like congealed fat. Between her brows lay a tranquil, otherworldly elegance that didn't seem to belong to the mortal realm.

Attending this event, she still wore her moon-white long dress.

After she presented her congratulatory gift to Ning Zhuo, Jiang Ping waved to her: "Daoist Friend Yuehua, come sit here."

Mu Yuehua smiled softly and sat down next to Jiang Ping.

This scene fell into Ning Zhuo's eyes, adding to his assessment. He thought to himself: "Mu Yuehua's alchemy talent is obvious to all, and she also has a Fire Seed accompanying her. It seems the Danxia Peak faction offered her a high price, so it's natural for Jiang Ping to get close to her."

The next to arrive was still a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

He looked like a young man with grey hair, eye sockets sunken like a skeleton, and wearing a python-skin magic robe, exuding a chilling demonic aura.

It was Pi Fujie.

Pi Fujie had spent quite a bit of effort to successfully get his hands on an invitation.

When he saw Ning Zhuo, his gaze visibly paused for a moment.

Ning Zhuo stood there, his magic robe as white as snow, trimmed with gold edges. His aura was transcendent, vastly different from usual.

This only firmed Pi Fujie's resolve to "turn enemies into friends" this time!

"Pi Fujie. I congratulate Young Master Ning on the establishment of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion alliance." Pi Fujie cupped his hands and bowed deeply, his expression earnest.

Ning Zhuo remained silent for a breath. His gaze passed over Pi Fujie and turned toward Shen Xi's direction.

Shen Xi wore a smile and gave Ning Zhuo a slight nod.

Only then did Ning Zhuo cup his hands in return: "Daoist Friend Pi has come from afar. Forgive Ning Zhuo for not coming out to welcome you."

"Young Master Ning." Pi Fujie spoke, his speaking pace slightly slower than before, revealing a certain heavy emotion. "There were some misunderstandings in the past; that was my fault."

He bowed deeply once more, then presented a congratulatory gift: "This is a Golden Core-level Bull Demon Hide. It can devour spiritual energy and transform into a Bull Demon, possessing Golden Core combat strength. I am willing to clear up all past grudges with Young Master Ning!"

The hall fell slightly quiet.

A'Huo, Gu Huaijiu, and the others finally understood that this person had been at odds with Ning Zhuo in the past.

Ning Zhuo took a breath and pondered for a moment before saying, "As the saying goes, it is better to resolve enmity than to forge it. I have seen Daoist Friend Pi's sincerity. This sincerity alone is enough. We will write off our past grievances. However, I must decline this gift. I am not the kind of person to change my stance just because I receive a heavy gift."

"If Daoist Friend Pi doesn't mind, please take a seat today, drink some tea, and watch the ceremony."

"Please rest assured. As long as we keep our distance in the future, observe the proper boundaries, and do not forge new grudges, all past hatreds are dissolved right here and now."

Ning Zhuo's original conflict with Pi Fujie was because of Shen Xi.

Ning Zhuo had even killed Pi Fujie's hanger-on previously. He hadn't suffered a loss; instead, he had gained the upper hand.

Since Shen Xi had already nodded to Ning Zhuo, Ning Zhuo was also willing to have one less enemy.

Having achieved his original goal, Pi Fujie broke into a smile. "Young Master Ning's words are just like that pillar of righteous qi from that day - open and honorable. Naturally, I can trust them! Thank you, thank you."

Pi Fujie scanned the room, avoiding Gu Huaijiu and Dong Nishang, and keeping his distance from Ye Qingming, Jin Mantang, and the others. He eventually picked an empty table to sit down.

Tie Zheng and Ao Pan soon arrived together.

Tie Zheng looked like a moving iron tower. He carried a greatsword on his back, and iron chains were wrapped around his waist. Hanging from the chains were twelve beast-head bronze bell spheres, each the size of a baby's fist, which let out muffled clanking sounds with his steps.

Ao Pan, on the other hand, hunched his chest and back like an old ape. Yet, when he walked, his strides were like a dragon and tiger - every step he took carried a steady, undeniable power.

The two of them had crossed paths with Ning Zhuo during the Rising Cloud Minor Trial in the Profound Armor Cave, and had even fought against him.

As the saying goes, out of blows, friendship grows. For the establishment of his alliance this time, Ning Zhuo had specifically invited them.

Ning Zhuo expressed his welcome.

Tie Zheng cherished his words like gold, while Ao Pan was very enthusiastic: "Since we are all outsiders, Daoist Friend Ning Zhuo accomplishing such a great undertaking this time truly makes me admire and envy you. Hahaha."

The two also presented congratulatory gifts.

An ordinary-looking middle-aged cultivator then walked in.

No one underestimated him, because he emitted a Golden Core aura.

Ning Zhuo initially thought he was a figure from Flowing Cloud Peak, but glancing at Jin Mantang and Ye Qingming, the latter two both had expressions of seeing a stranger.

The middle-aged cultivator presented a congratulatory gift, then clarified his purpose: "I have come on behalf of my good friend, Yun Youzi. Young Master Ning Zhuo, my friend also emptied his savings to repair the Naming Fire Furnace. Do you acknowledge this debt or not?"

"Of course," Ning Zhuo answered without hesitation.

The middle-aged cultivator's expression relaxed, and he began to praise Ning Zhuo's Righteous Path demeanor.

After Ning Zhuo exchanged a few words with the middle-aged cultivator, Liu Jinke arrived.

He had the appearance of a young man, his face sharply contoured as if carved by a knife and axe. His cheekbones were slightly high, his brow ridges like peaks. His eyes were pale gold, and deep within his pupils, it seemed as if liquid metal was slowly flowing.

He had come bearing a mission from the Demon Subjugation Hall.

The moment he stepped into the hall, his gaze locked firmly onto Ning Zhuo, his hostility completely unhidden.

"I am Liu Jinke. I hear you, boy, actually want to establish an alliance to challenge my Flowing Cloud Peak?"

"Hmph, overestimating your own capabilities!"

"I came today just to test your mettle. Ning Zhuo, do you dare to fight me?"

As soon as these words came out, the entire hall was shocked.