Chapter 939: We Are Very Passive Now

Ye Qingming's tone was not heavy, yet it weighed on everyone's hearts: "Ning Zhuo could have clearly killed Liu Jinke, but he let him go twice in a row. Why?"

"He is treating Liu Jinke as a chess piece, forcing us to place bets."

"Liu Jinke possesses a Golden Liquid Reverted Core Physique, so our support is heavily restricted. Ning Zhuo did this intentionally."

"Now, all the treasures we used to support Liu Jinke have become his spoils of war. Who are we supporting? Is it Liu Jinke, or is it Ning Zhuo?"

"And these spoils of war have now become his powerful evidence to stir up public opinion. You all must have heard the many rumors spreading outside, right?"

"Passive. We are very passive right now."

The crowd fell into a moment of silence.

Xu Duanchao finally spoke, his voice like a blade scraping against stone: "Cultivation base does not dictate one's methods."

Everyone looked at him.

Xu Duanchao said indifferently: "In the Sect, there are plenty of homebody cultivators who cultivate bitterly behind closed doors, only to be coaxed out of their entire fortunes with just a few words. Be it Golden Core or Nascent Soul, if they lack worldly experience, they are still just muddle-headed old fools."

Speaking up to here, he glanced out of the corner of his eye at Old Man Waning Lamp.

The latter's face darkened: "Xu Duanchao, who are you talking about?"

Xu Duanchao didn't even look at him: "Whoever gets anxious is who I'm talking about."

Lei Wangyue almost laughed out loud.

The Golden Hairpin Old Crone tapped the cloud desk with her withered fingers: "Enough. Ning Zhuo indeed has intellect and schemes. But he is not flawless. His greatest reliance is the fact that the Naming Stronghold is newly established, and no one can clearly gauge its true strength. The more he releases various rumors, the more it shows he wants to stall for time."

Wen Suzhen finally said: "That's right. The Naming Fire Furnace has not yet been restored, and the hearts of the Naming Stronghold are not united. If we allow him to drag this out, he will use Liu Jinke to build momentum, use public opinion to suppress the Naming Stronghold in return, and with the help of external forces, slowly integrate the personnel within the stronghold. This should be one of his goals! If we let him drag this out, he will only become harder to deal with when the time comes."

Wen Suzhen had always been known as a wise scholar. Hearing his analysis, everyone's expressions sank another fraction.

Zhao Ni asked: "So, we continue investing in Liu Jinke?"

Wen Suzhen fell silent for a moment.

He had been hesitating all along.

As a doctor of the Hanging Gourd Clinic, he naturally knew how precious the Nine-Aperture Blood Gold Fetus was. He also knew the price other factions paid to sponsor Liu Jinke.

Now, all these items had fallen into Ning Zhuo's hands, becoming the latter's spoils of war.

The Hanging Gourd Clinic had lost face, but that wasn't the main point.

What Wen Suzhen worried about the most was one problem: if they continued to smash resources into and invest in Liu Jinke, no one could guarantee he would win. It was highly likely that Ning Zhuo would, for a third time, skin them to the bone and fleece away all these investments.

When that time came, the major factions of Flowing Cloud Peak would be funding the enemy once again!

I have to say, this kid Ning Zhuo's scheming is incredible. He singled out Liu Jinke with a single glance, Wen Suzhen sighed endlessly in his heart.

Lei Wangyue suddenly slammed his hand heavily on the cloud desk: "Invest!"

Lightning exploded, scattering a ring of floating clouds from the surface of the cloud desk.

"My Thundercloud Society will not retreat! Since the Quake-Shattering Thunder Bead was useless, we will use an even more powerful Thunder Bead."

Qiu Lei's expression was heavy: "We can continue investing. But we cannot be like last time, where each family just casually tossed a few counter-items and let Liu Jinke fight it out himself."

"Liu Jinke's problem is obvious. He does not have the divine sense of a normal cultivator, so he cannot use many magic treasures. The more varied and numerous the items we give him, the more of a burden and encumbrance they are to him."

"It was obvious from the last battle. The Thousand-Jin Weight even rebounded to affect his own body!"

Ye Qingming asked softly: "What does Daoist Qiu mean?"

Qiu Lei replied: "We must change our strategy. The last time we invested, it was entirely targeted at countering Ning Zhuo. This time, we either don't invest, or if we do, we center our investments around Liu Jinke's Golden Liquid Reverted Core Physique."

"Only by letting him truly unleash his own specialty will he have the highest chance of defeating Ning Zhuo."

The Golden Hairpin Old Crone deeply resonated with this and nodded repeatedly: "My Metal and Stone Splitting Art was used too crudely by Liu Jinke. In the end, it actually ended up benefiting that Ning Zhuo!"

Qiu Lei's strategy was completely different from before, making the cultivators present feel moved.

However, Xu Duanchao said coldly: "My Severing Water Blade Pavilion will not invest in Liu Jinke again."

Everyone's expressions changed slightly.

Lei Wangyue frowned: "Xu Duanchao, at a time like this, you still want to withdraw?"

"I'm not withdrawing," Xu Duanchao said. "I will simply find another candidate."

"Liu Jinke has already been slaughtered by Ning Zhuo twice. Sending him up again is just falling into Ning Zhuo's trap. Although he is merely a mid-Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator, his intellect and schemes are terrifying. I will not knowingly make the same mistake twice."

Qiu Lei questioned: "But whoever you choose, how will you make Ning Zhuo accept the challenge?"

"It is currently the Flying Cloud Assembly. The entire Flying Cloud Kingdom and even the surrounding Cultivation nations are watching us. Ning Zhuo is a first-rate genius who is going to join our Myriad Manifestations Sect. If right now, we, the seniors of the Myriad Manifestations Sect, target Ning Zhuo... I'm not saying we can't target him, but the scale of this targeting needs to be grasped with extreme precision."

Xu Duanchao kept a cold face: "I know my limits."

Seeing Xu Duanchao so insistent, the expressions of some cultivators present turned ugly.

If everyone invested in Liu Jinke together, each faction's investment level would be minimized because the cost was shared. Now that someone had withdrawn to choose an alternate path, the remaining factions would inevitably have to pay a much heavier price to reach the high expectation of Liu Jinke defeating Ning Zhuo in their third battle.

Lei Wangyue sneered: "At the end of the day, you just don't dare to keep betting on Liu Jinke."

Xu Duanchao raised his eyes to look at him: "If you dare, you bet."

Anger surged in Lei Wangyue, and he slapped the cloud desk: "If that's the case, my side won't invest either!"

Everyone: ?!

Ye Qingming softly smoothed things over: "Everyone, there's no need to argue. Continuing to support Liu Jinke is one path, and seeking another expert is also a path. Since Ning Zhuo can use Liu Jinke to make a fuss, we can counter by blooming in multiple spots, making sure the Naming Stronghold cannot just focus on one point."

Jin Mantang clapped his plump hands: "Right, right, right. You can't bet all your business on a single storefront. We should invest in Liu Jinke, but we can't only invest in him. My thought is that since everyone made a move last time, we should all advance and retreat together this time. We absolutely not scatter our forces."

"We should collectively invest in Liu Jinke, and also collectively seek out other candidates."

Everyone fell into silence once more.

According to this plan, every faction's payout would exceed the previous one by a large margin.

Jin Mantang had anticipated this silent response. Having guessed their thoughts a step ahead, he now hit the nail on the head: "Fellow Daoists, I don't need to speak about the relationship between us. Only by acting together and participating in whatever direction we take will we prevent ourselves from falling apart."

"If we do not unify our actions, the operation targeting the Naming Stronghold will definitely fail!" Jin Mantang said resolutely.

Lei Wangyue's face was gloomy, Xu Duanchao's eyes were cold, the Golden Hairpin Old Crone kept her eyes closed in silence, and Qiu Lei looked down at the slowly flowing Earth Qi beneath the cloud desk. No one answered immediately.

-----

Deep within the Artifact Forging Hall.

A large black iron furnace stood heavily. Earth fire churned in its belly, and the crimson light reflected on the four walls, making them look like blood.

Tie Kuang had his arms bared, his broad and thick palms resting on the furnace's rim. His knotted muscles gleamed with a dull, iron-like luster under the firelight. He seemed rough and boorish, but there was not a trace of recklessness between his brows. Instead, he resembled an old hunter staring at beast tracks deep in the forest - his eyes deep, his thoughts extremely heavy.

A subordinate stepped forward, quietly and rapidly reporting the situation of the Naming Stronghold's meeting.

After Tie Kuang finished listening, he did not speak for a long time.

Throughout the entire meeting, Ning Zhuo hadn't mentioned the Resting Flame Cloud Nest from beginning to end.

Tie Kuang hadn't brought this place up casually.

Not only did it suit the final twenty percent restoration of the Naming Fire Furnace, but it would also allow the Artifact Forging Hall to logically intervene in the Naming Stronghold's charge toward the peak.

As long as Ning Zhuo adopted this plan, the hidden flaws would ensure that whether it was repairing the furnace, mining, guarding the territory, or refining materials in the future, the Naming Stronghold would be unable to bypass the Artifact Forging Hall, nor bypass him, Tie Kuang.

Yet Ning Zhuo acted as if he had never heard of it.

Not mentioning it at all.

Tie Kuang's palms slowly tightened on the furnace's rim: "Did it not catch his eye?"

The moment this thought arose, Tie Kuang's heart sank.

If it hadn't caught Ning Zhuo's eye, it meant he hadn't raised the stakes high enough before. The temptation of the Resting Flame Cloud Nest couldn't yet overcome Ning Zhuo's wariness. Then, he would have to keep raising the price.

However, another speculation made Tie Kuang even more uncomfortable.

"Or could it be... he saw right through it?"

The firelight danced in Tie Kuang's eyes.

This kid Ning Zhuo looked young, but his methods were actually seasoned and ruthless. Using creditor rights to determine seating order, using Liu Jinke to establish his prestige. Releasing rumors via the spoils of war to force Flowing Cloud Peak to follow his pace. He even used the external pressure from Flowing Cloud Peak to force the Naming Stronghold to unite!

If Ning Zhuo had already seen through the implications behind the Resting Flame Cloud Nest and intentionally didn't mention it, then it would be troublesome.

In fact, no matter which possibility it was, it was very bad.

Tie Kuang abruptly let go, and the furnace's rim emitted a low, muffled thud.

The subordinate next to him trembled in his heart, not daring to lift his eyes.

Tie Kuang raised his hand. A ray of crimson light flew out from the furnace fire, landing in his palm and transforming into a Fire Seed.

"Tell Ning Zhuo that I can personally take action to preside over the final twenty percent restoration of the Naming Fire Furnace. The Artifact Forging Hall's Earth Fire Rooms, Firework Deacons, and Furnace-Testing Formation Masters can all be mobilized."

"In terms of precious materials, the Artifact Forging Hall can offer three catties of Heavenly Furnace Crimson Marrow to mend the furnace chamber's fire bones; nine taels of Li-Vermilion Phoenix-Patterned Copper to connect the feather veins on the furnace walls; one box of Profound Obsidian Spirit-Calming Sand to suppress the tremors of the furnace spirit; seven bottles of Nine-Revolution Earth Fire Liquid to cleanse and refine the old furnace's fire veins; and twelve pieces of Mica Fire Womb Crystals to buffer the conflict when the Vermilion Bird artifact spirit merges with the newly repaired furnace body."

The subordinate was alarmed upon hearing this.

Taking out any single one of these precious materials would make a Golden Core Artifact Refiner green with envy.

As a result, the subordinate then heard Tie Kuang say: "In addition to that, I can also give away a Soaring Fire Seed."

The subordinate suddenly raised his head and cried out involuntarily: "Hall Master!"

The Soaring Fire Seed was nurtured by the intersection of wind and fire. Its fire momentum did not focus on incineration, but rather on ascending, supporting, and propelling. Using it on the restoration of the Naming Fire Furnace was extremely fitting. This was because the Naming Fire Furnace's artifact spirit was in the form of a Vermilion Bird, perfectly aligning with the concept of soaring and riding the wind.

Due to the subordinate's loss of composure, Tie Kuang shot him an indifferent glance.

The subordinate immediately lowered his head.

"But make the conditions clear," Tie Kuang said. "From now on, Ning Zhuo must provide Dao-Bearing Jade Pages to the Artifact Forging Hall on a long-term basis."

The subordinate waited for a moment, and seeing Tie Kuang remain silent, couldn't help but ask softly: "Hall Master, how many do you want?"

Tie Kuang: "You go negotiate. However many you can get is how many we'll take."

The subordinate accepted the order and withdrew.

Tie Kuang did not stop there.

He pondered for a moment, then suddenly summoned a confidant.

"Let the word out," he lowered his voice.

The confidant cultivator also whispered: "What word does the Hall Master want to let out?"

The firelight deep in Tie Kuang's eyes was heavy: "Just say that the Naming Stronghold is already secretly selecting a stationed territory on Flowing Cloud Peak. It is not an ordinary cave manor, nor is it an ownerless mountain col, but the foundational land of a certain major faction on Flowing Cloud Peak."

The confidant continued to request instructions on exactly which major faction it was.

Tie Kuang said: "There are so many major factions on Flowing Cloud Peak; you can fabricate it yourself. Remember to analyze it reasonably. As long as it catches people's attention, feels logically sound, and seems plausible, that's enough."

The confidant also accepted the order and withdrew.

Tie Kuang looked at the furnace fire and sneered in his heart: "This way, all the major factions will be on high alert, and pressure will sprout all around Ning Zhuo. In contrast, the Resting Flame Cloud Nest I proposed does not belong to any of the major factions."

-----

Carrying Tie Kuang's intentions, the envoy immediately arrived at the front of Ning Zhuo's cave manor and submitted a visiting card.

A moment later, he was guided in and met Ning Zhuo.

After a round of negotiations ended, Ning Zhuo politely saw the envoy out.

The envoy's expression was ugly, his heart still echoing with the words of Ning Zhuo's tactful refusal- 

"Please tell Hall Master Tie that Ning Zhuo appreciates the generosity of the precious materials. The matter of the Dao-Bearing Jade Pages is not off the table either."

"It's just that the Naming Fire Furnace is the foundation of the Naming Stronghold. The matter of repairing the furnace must be jointly discussed by all the creditors. The Dao-Bearing Jade Pages are my private property; a long-term supply requires even more careful calculation."

The envoy's heart was full of doubts: "Why? Such favorable conditions, yet Ning Zhuo actually didn't agree? This offer even includes a Fire Seed!"

Ning Zhuo's gaze was profound: "Dao-Bearing Jade Pages? Hehe, this was merely a smokescreen intentionally brought up by Tie Kuang."

"My complete failure to mention the Resting Flame Cloud Nest made him anxious."

"He wants to lower the price, but is worried that lowering his status like this will be highly detrimental to the subsequent specific negotiations. That's why he deliberately used the Dao-Bearing Jade Pages to cover up his passive situation."

Tie Kuang made a tiny mistake. He had his subordinate negotiate the quantity of the Dao-Bearing Jade Pages, causing the subordinate to act overly eager. This allowed Ning Zhuo to keenly catch his impure motives. As a result, by beating around the bush, Ning Zhuo successfully deduced the specific contents of Tie Kuang's mission.

"No rush, no rush."

Ning Zhuo's gaze was deep: "At this time and day, I am no longer a lone wolf."

After the Naming Stronghold held its meeting, cultivators began to strike out.

The first to make a move was not the Red-Robed Guest, but Situ Xing.

He issued a challenge card, publicly challenging the Severing Water Blade Pavilion.

After discussion, the Blade Pavilion did not send a Golden Core cultivator to meet the challenge. Instead, they selected a peak Foundation Establishment Stage blade cultivator named Gu Kongliu.

This person had a gaunt face, eyebrows like blades, and held a narrow-backed long blade. The blade body was dark green, and his imposing aura was awe-inspiring.

There were an extremely large number of cultivators spectating this battle.

Gu Kongliu's blade arts were extremely bizarre. His blade momentum did not seek to slash the person, but specifically targeted the connections between sword qi. Situ Xing's starlight sword qi was entirely severed from the middle, the sword qi like a fractured river of stars, scattering light fragments all over the arena.

Situ Xing's gaze focused. He didn't force an attack. With a spin of his flying sword, the Star-Guiding Sword transformed into seven points of cold glint, arranging themselves around the arena in the formation of the Big Dipper.

Seeing this, Gu Kongliu's long blade was finally unsheathed.

Slashing down with one strike, he unexpectedly forcibly split open a corner of Situ Xing's newly formed sword array.

Countless cheers immediately erupted from the sidelines.

The faces of the cultivators from the Severing Water Blade Pavilion revealed a look of pride.

But as the battle continued, Situ Xing's tactics came to fruition. The seven-star sword light closed in from all sides. Like shifting stars, the cold light connected into a single line.

Gu Kongliu swept his blade in continuous slashes, but only managed to sever three points of starlight. The other four points had already passed through his blade's momentum, resting against his throat, glabella, heart, and Lower Dantian.

Gu Kongliu was defeated.