Chapter 954: Willing to Surrender!

On one hand, Snow-Colored Maiden Hui possessed six arms, and she had Ning Zhuo assisting her from the outside. Liu Jinke's two fists could hardly match six hands. Although the tuning fork in his grip was powerful, it was not his usual weapon.

"Impossible, impossible! How can I not even defeat a mechanical puppet?!"

Liu Jinke's state of mind became unbalanced, causing him to fall into a furious and irritable rage.

Desperate to prove himself, he was dead set on fighting Snow-Colored Maiden Hui to the bitter end, completely casting Ning Zhuo - who was on the other side of the battlefield - to the back of his mind.

"It seems I won't need to use the Blood Ember Fire Seed?" Ning Zhuo felt a hint of surprise.

He glanced at the Blood Talisman clone elsewhere.

The blood clone was currently trading blows evenly with the Void-Embracing Blade-Folding Personal Guard. If Ning Zhuo were to toss out the Blood Ember Fire Seed right now, it would definitely burn that clone to ashes.

But there was no need.

"It's better to save this kind of trump card, just in case."

The battle continued like this until the very end.

Liu Jinke's stamina dropped to rock bottom, allowing Snow-Colored Maiden Hui to seize an opening.

The next moment, she struck out with all six arms!

One palm sealed his shoulder.

One palm pressed against his neck.

One palm struck his chest.

One palm clamped his wrist.

One palm hit his ribs.

The final palm thrust upward from below, slapping Liu Jinke right on the chin.

Liu Jinke was beaten into a staggering retreat. His golden armor caved in, golden blood flowed freely from the corner of his mouth, and the Chaotic Chord Splitting Tuning Fork flew right out of his grasp.

Snow-Colored Maiden Hui pressed one palm firmly against Liu Jinke's neck and shoulder. Her Ice Jade Hands bloomed with a white light, and frost rapidly spread along the side of his neck.

Liu Jinke struggled a few times but was powerless to break free. Ultimately, he was forced into a half-kneel on the ground, his entire body - except for his head - frozen solid by Profound Ice.

Defeated!

Liu Jinke had been defeated!

Lei Wangyue abruptly stood up.

The teacup in Ye Qingming's hand was squeezed by her slender fingers until cracks formed.

The fat on Jin Mantang's face twitched violently as he shut his eyes and covered his face. In the darkness, it was as if he saw massive amounts of Spirit Stones and precious materials being tossed into a raging fire and burned to ashes.

Liu Jinke's expression was ashen. He stared fixedly at the Golden Core puppet, Snow-Colored Maiden Hui.

Innate Talent - Ice Jade Hands.

The colorful armor on Snow-Colored Maiden Hui's body recovered to its original state once again. The cracks and wounds on the rest of her body were also filled and patched by the Profound Ice.

Repairing while fighting!

When it came to combat endurance, Snow-Colored Maiden Hui's performance in this battle was actually not the slightest bit inferior to Liu Jinke's.

Ning Zhuo sat upright on the Forest-Piercing Azure Python Chariot, maintaining a set distance from Liu Jinke the entire time.

"Senior Brother Liu Jinke, do you still wish to fight?" he called out clearly.

Outside the arena, the gazes of countless spectators converged on Ning Zhuo.

They saw that this young genius was still clad in spotless white clothes, untainted by a speck of dust. One hand rested on his zither, his Profound Weapon Armor still orbiting his body. His eyes were calm, and his demeanor was completely unhurried and composed.

"I never expected the outcome of this battle to actually turn out like this!"

"And here I thought Liu Jinke was so formidable."

"He isn't formidable? His combat strength is absolutely at the peak among Golden Core cultivators. It's just a pity he encountered such a Golden Core puppet."

"Don't you feel that Ning Zhuo's Golden Core mechanism is quite different?"

"Nonsense! A mechanism that can suppress Liu Jinke is naturally extraordinary."

"No, I mean that it's remarkably lifelike. It doesn't have the rigid, stiff feeling that most mechanisms do."

"That just goes to show how profound Ning Zhuo's attainments in mechanical arts are."

"But when he controlled the Void-Embracing Blade-Folding Personal Guard, it didn't give me that kind of feeling."

"Nonsense! The Void-Embracing Blade-Folding Personal Guard is an item from the [Empty Valley Syllable Cyan Mechanism Tube]. How long has Ning Zhuo even had it? During this battle, he also displayed several mechanical techniques from that inheritance, and wasn't he quite unproficient with all of them? Hiss..."

Reaching this point in the discussion, some cultivators realized the implications and collectively gasped.

"The battle was so intense just now that I didn't even notice. It turns out that during the majority of the fight, Ning Zhuo was just practicing and didn't even use his full strength!"

"With such a Golden Core mechanism to serve as his safety net, of course he had plenty of confidence!"

"Just what kind of background does Ning Zhuo have? To allow him to carry a trump card like this around with him. The more critical question is, does he have any more of these trump cards?"

At this moment, another undercurrent of rumors began to spread, stirring up noise and commotion among the crowd wherever it went.

"Have you guys heard? This Golden Core-level mechanical puppet is actually just a healing unit!"

"What do you mean? Its designation isn't even a combat mechanism?"

"Hiss..."

"Hiss, hiss, hiss..."

The Red-Robed Guest burst into loud laughter, his crimson robes unfurling like waves of fire. The news spreading through the crowd regarding Snow-Colored Maiden Hui's role as a healer was secretly orchestrated and disseminated by him.

Chunyangzi's gaze burned brightly, his pupils reflecting Ning Zhuo's figure. "You really didn't let me down."

The Nine-Fire Dragon Lord exhaled a long breath laced with fire.

Tu Yuanzi remained seated upright, his face full of joy.

Ning Zhuo's words drew Liu Jinke's gaze over.

Liu Jinke's Adam's apple bobbed a few times before he spoke in an extremely hoarse voice, "I... have lost. Just kill me."

Ning Zhuo slowly shook his head. "Senior Brother, exchanging harsh words while fighting is human nature, and it is also a part of tactics."

"But in truth, both of us are well aware that we are people with bitter fates."

"I bear a massive debt, racking my brains every day, trying every possible means to pay it off. Meanwhile, you were merely being used, propped up by the major factions of Flowing Cloud Peak to strike me down, all to stop Nanming Stronghold from establishing itself on Flowing Cloud Peak."

"When I beheaded you twice before, it was nothing more than an act of desperation, a move forced upon me because I had no other choice."

"After today's battle, I will no longer challenge you."

Having said this, Ning Zhuo stood up from the Forest-Piercing Azure Python Chariot and cupped his fists in a salute towards Liu Jinke.

Look at this!

What was the true demeanor of the Righteous Path?

This was it!

Ning Zhuo's words immediately won over a massive amount of goodwill from the bystanders.

The expressions on the faces of the many cultivators from Flowing Cloud Peak were exceedingly ugly. Some looked as if their parents had just died, some had twitching eyes, and others were so angry their faces flushed red.

"This damn Ning Zhuo! He speaks with such rhetoric; his words are even sharper than his mechanical arts!"

"How did we invest in Liu Jinke? He was clearly put on the spot by you and served as your pawn!"

"And now, your little speech makes it sound as if you're the victim here?!"

Many cultivators from Flowing Cloud Peak glared fixedly at Ning Zhuo, wishing they could pull out the big-headed youth's tendons and peel off his skin.

War is the continuation of politics.

The dispute between Liu Jinke and Ning Zhuo was merely part of the larger scheme surrounding Nanming Stronghold's push for the peak.

Defeating Liu Jinke was never his main objective. The words he had just spoken were!

The loser shuts up, and the winner speaks.

No matter how many cultivators Flowing Cloud Peak had, or how hateful they felt, at this very moment, they could only shut up and quietly listen to Ning Zhuo deliver his victory speech.

"Excellent!"

"Truly worthy of the righteous Ning Zhuo. Given time, he will definitely be a paragon of our Righteous Path."

"Liu Jinke is also a pitiful person, constantly being used by the factions on Flowing Cloud Peak."

Cheers and words of admiration for Ning Zhuo began to erupt among the audience.

The duty cultivator of the martial arena announced the end of the battle, as well as the victory and defeat. The Formation isolating the inside and outside of the battlefield dissipated. Countless noisy voices from the outside rushed over like a heatwave, and all kinds of discussions flooded into Liu Jinke's ears.

Liu Jinke's body trembled, and feelings of shame and anger immediately welled up, bringing a trace of life back to his deathly pale face.

Had it been before this battle, Liu Jinke would have generated a great deal of resentment from this, but now, he actually felt a hint of relief.

Ning Zhuo's announcement that he would no longer challenge him gave him no reason to bite the bullet and keep fighting.

He suddenly thought of the secret message delivered to him last night by the Demon Subjugation Hall.

The Demon Subjugation Hall had informed Liu Jinke that Ning Zhuo's strength far exceeded his own, and that Ning Zhuo's temperament and character were sufficiently reliable. They advised Liu Jinke to surrender decisively if the situation looked grim. That would be enough to save his life and avoid the fate of being beheaded for a third time. At the same time, they also suggested that Liu Jinke could submit to Ning Zhuo!

When he received this message at the time, he sneered at it and was furious, secretly vowing to teach Ning Zhuo a lesson and thoroughly prove himself. Looking back now, he felt they made perfect sense!

The key was that by fighting Snow-Colored Maiden Hui to the bitter end and getting completely thrashed by her, he deeply perceived the gap in combat strength and foundational resources between himself and Ning Zhuo.

"The Demon Subjugation Hall wasn't wrong to advise me. Even if I can get funding from the major factions of Flowing Cloud Peak, isn't there another super faction standing behind Ning Zhuo?"

"What is so strange about me losing to such a favored child of heaven? What is there to be upset or resentful about?"

As this thought arose, Liu Jinke suddenly felt as if the world had abruptly widened, and his outlook on life expanded.

Liu Jinke slowly raised his head and looked at Ning Zhuo.

The golden light in his eyes scattered. Both his past ferocity and his newly born courage completely dissipated.

He didn't need to look back to know what the expressions of Lei Wangyue and the other Flowing Cloud Peak cultivators were.

"These people threw so much money at me for their own interests; they didn't have good intentions to begin with. Although I signed contracts with them, the Demon Subjugation Hall's reminder was correct - even if I join Nanming Stronghold, I can still abide by those contracts."

As for going back?

Go back to look at their sour faces and work like an ox or horse for them?

On the contrary... by joining Nanming Stronghold, he would gain a shred of bargaining power. In the future, when doing things for the various factions on Flowing Cloud Peak, he would have a backer and the right to autonomy.

Thinking of this, Liu Jinke's voice was dry as he pleaded for leniency from Ning Zhuo: "Young Master... Ning Zhuo. You are magnanimous; I, Liu Jinke... submit."

His voice was very dry and stuttered at first, but the more he spoke, the smoother it became.

"Since you spared my life this time, how could I, Liu Jinke, be an ungrateful person?"

"I am willing to surrender."

Uproar!

The martial arena exploded into a massive commotion.

A large number of rogue cultivators on the cloud bridge stood up one after another, and the expressions of countless people in the nearby spectator seats drastically changed.

The factions of Flowing Cloud Peak seemed as if they had been swept by a freezing wind. The remaining dignity they had just been stubbornly clinging to was completely ripped apart by this single sentence in an instant!

Not only had they lost the third battle, but more fatally, they couldn't even retain Liu Jinke, whom they had poured countless resources into and pushed to the quasi-Divine Art level.

Liu Jinke had defected to the enemy right on the battlefield!

Jin Mantang's face alternated between green and pale. The string of beads in his hand snapped with a crack, and precious pearls rolled all over the floor, but he didn't bend down to pick them up.

Lei Wangyue stood rooted in place. Lightning danced wildly in the depths of his eyes, like a thunderstorm trapped within his pupils.

With a crack, Ye Qingming completely crushed the teacup in her hand.

"Hahaha." The Red-Robed Guest laughed unrestrainedly.

Chunyangzi took a deep breath and leaned back against his chair, in a remarkably joyous mood.

Tu Yuanzi finally couldn't hold back anymore. He clenched his right fist and cheered in his heart.

Ning Zhuo felt quite surprised.

He truly hadn't anticipated this situation occurring.

But he reacted quickly, immediately expressing his welcome to Liu Jinke and saying, "Senior Brother, from an exchange of blows, friendship grows!"

He immediately controlled Snow-Colored Maiden Hui to undo the ice blocks and gently help Liu Jinke up.

Ning Zhuo's True Form, however, remained standing on the Forest-Piercing Azure Python Chariot, strictly guarding against the possibility that "Liu Jinke's shame had actually turned into hatred, and he was trying to trick Ning Zhuo into getting close for mutual destruction."

Ning Zhuo wore a smile as he verbally urged Senior Brother Liu Jinke to rest and recuperate well. Then, he controlled Snow-Colored Maiden Hui to directly lead Liu Jinke off the martial arena.

He drove the Forest-Piercing Azure Python Chariot to the center of the arena, cupped his fists toward the four directions, and then looked toward the seating area of Flowing Cloud Peak. "In the third battle, Ning Zhuo was lucky enough to win."

This phrase "lucky enough" made quite a few people's mouths twitch.

Ning Zhuo added, "Since Senior Brother Liu Jinke has joined my Nanming Stronghold, from today onwards, he is protected by the rules of our Nanming Stronghold. If anyone secretly seeks revenge over today's events, even though my cultivation is meager, I, Ning Zhuo, will come knocking on your door to seek guidance."

The many cultivators of Flowing Cloud Peak could no longer endure it. Some directly flicked their sleeves and walked away.

The Red-Robed Guest slapped the armrest and roared with laughter.

Chunyangzi slowly stood up, exuding an aura of grand majesty and righteousness, watching the many cultivators of Flowing Cloud Peak leave in a wretched state.

-----

Deep within the Artifact Refining Hall.

Tie Kuang stood in front of a large black iron furnace, having just finished an artifact refinement session.

At this moment, the furnace fire reflected off his bare arms, his hard muscles bulging like blocks of iron.

A subordinate walked over softly to report, handing over an image Jade Slip of the three battles between Liu Jinke and Ning Zhuo.

Tie Kuang probed into it with his divine sense. A moment later: "What a Golden Core mechanism. Send someone to meet Ning Zhuo again."

The longer the situation dragged on, the more disadvantageous it would be for the Artifact Refining Hall.

Tie Kuang knew in his heart that his side had to put all their effort into pushing forward the trade cooperation with Ning Zhuo.

-----

Inside the Demon Subjugation Hall.

Zhong Dao listened to the battle report. When he heard "recruited to surrender in public," his finger finally tapped against the armrest.

"He really didn't take Liu Jinke's life." A flash of appreciation toward Ning Zhuo crossed Zhong Dao's eyes.

The Righteous Path attainments that Ning Zhuo had displayed previously allowed Zhong Dao to deduce this: Ning Zhuo would definitely not truly execute Liu Jinke, losing out on a major opportunity for a minor gain, and putting himself in a predicament of public condemnation.

Therefore, Zhong Dao had specifically issued the order to deliver the secret message to Liu Jinke, advising him to surrender ahead of time.

Now, not only did the Demon Subjugation Hall completely avoid any hidden dangers from "secretly funding Liu Jinke and sending him to spar with Ning Zhuo," but they also took advantage of this to plant a nail inside Nanming Stronghold. To some extent, the Demon Subjugation Hall's influence over Liu Jinke had not decreased, but increased!

"Ning Zhuo, just how far can you go?"

Harboring such expectations, Zhong Dao gave a faint order, "Keep watching. Especially keep a close eye on the battle for the Sun-Supporting Yang-Locking Cloud Ascending Altar."

-----

Danxia Peak.

A disciple presented the battle report. Wang Yu only scanned it a few times before smiling: "Liu Jinke joined Nanming Stronghold?"

The disciple lowered his head: "Yes."

Wang Yu placed the pill spoon in his hand back onto the jade platter, emitting a soft, crisp sound.

"Good." He only said a single word.

-----

Heavy Array Peak.

One of the Vice Peak Masters, Yin Changgeng, paced back and forth for a while before ultimately dismissing the idea of going to report to Dong Chen.

"Earth Expansion Alliance... Let's just hope the grand plan won't be disrupted by this... Sigh, let's keep watching."

-----

Alchemy Hall.

Shen Hongyao's gaze burned brightly as she stared at the images emerging from the Jade Slip, lost in thought for a good while.

Ning Zhuo had won.

Observing the entire battle, Ning Zhuo had substituted training with combat, and his victory was calm, unhurried, and achieved with ease.

"He is actually this powerful."

"If I had this kind of strength..."

Shen Hongyao couldn't help but put herself in Ning Zhuo's shoes, falling into a reverie once again.

The environment of the Alchemy Hall made her feel oppressed. Yet, every time she imagined herself in Ning Zhuo's position, it allowed her to feel a sense of absolute exhilaration.