Chapter 96: Illusory True Lotus Seed

Lava Immortal Palace.

Room 1.

Puppet components jerked to life, assembling together to form several humanoid shapes.

Very quickly, puppet Zhou Zhu, puppet Zheng Jian, puppet Ning Xiaohui, and puppet Ning Zhuo all gathered in one place.

The group looked each other over.

Zhou Zhu was tall and broad. Zheng Jian was surrounded by several wooden hooks. Ning Xiaohui’s hands were built with delicate precision, markedly different from the rest of her body.

As for Ning Zhuo…

“Wow, your head is huge!” Zhou Zhu exclaimed.

Zheng Jian nodded slightly. “It looks like you definitely have some sort of hidden innate talent.”

Over the course of their continuous deaths, Zhou Zhu and Zheng Jian gradually came to understand many things, including the secret connection between the puppet bodies and their innate talents.

Zhou Zhu asked, “What kind of innate talent could cause a big head?”

Ning Xiaohui replied, “There are many. For example, Clear Spirit Platform, Exceptional Endowment, Deep Rooted Wisdom, Soaring Divine Thoughts, Heaven-Bestowed Wisdom…”

Her voice was calm, but she was shocked internally. She hadn’t expected that Ning Zhuo really did have an innate talent.

Moreover, it was an innate talent that was very well-suited for mechanical arts.

Ning Zhuo’s divine intent was unusually abundant. Upon reaching Foundation Establishment, divine intent would evolve into divine sense, which could be used to easily do things like control beasts, manipulate gu, command souls, mobilize dao soldiers and corpse puppets, etc.

Naturally, it helped with all kinds of mechanical constructs as well.

“For real? …Yeah, my head is definitely a size bigger than all of yours.”

Ning Zhuo looked around at the group, touched his own large head, and spoke in a surprised tone.

Ever since the reveal of Ning Zhuo’s divine intent advantage at the banquet, the others had been highly curious about him.

Ning Zhuo had a shocking amount of divine intent, and it was very likely that he possessed a related innate talent. However, testing innate talents was no easy matter. There were many rare and strange innate talents that were difficult to detect.

Thus, Zhou Zeshen came up with an idea: “Let’s enter the immortal palace.

“According to our knowledge of the immortal palace, our puppet bodies will manifest our innate talents as unique features.

“If Brother Ning truly has an innate talent, it will definitely show up in his puppet body.

“The Lava Immortal Palace was once the residence of Three Schools Supreme Sage. Screening talents shouldn’t be an issue!”

Everyone agreed enthusiastically to this proposal. After setting up a meeting time to enter the immortal palace with their souls, they dispersed and each returned home.

And now, they were all gathered in the immortal palace, crowding around Ning Zhuo and inspecting his oversized head.

Ning Zhuo had no choice but to expose the existence of his innate talent like this.

There was no way around it.

Once he entered the immortal palace, his large head would undoubtedly draw attention anyway.

It was just too distinctive.

And as more and more people entered the immortal palace in the future, the unusual puppets of innate talent holders would stand out even more.

Thus, Ning Zhuo decided that he might as well actively expose himself sooner rather than later, and try to influence what conclusions the others would come to.

Fortunately, there were many innate talents that might manifest as a large head.

Some innate talents required strict testing and massive resource consumption to detect.

Forcing Ning Zhuo to reveal his Early Wisdom wouldn’t be easy.

“This means the Ning Clan now has two innate talent holders, just like our Zhou Clan,” Zhou Zhu thought inwardly.

Zheng Jian felt even more burdened.

He was the sole prodigy of the Zheng Clan, while the other clans had two each. At this rate, the Zheng Clan would be doomed to the bottom of the totem pole.

Thinking of this, Zheng Jian quickly spoke up. “Now that the three clans are allying together, Brother Ning having an innate talent is a great thing!

“After all, our enemy is Meng Chong.

“He has an immortal talent. Even if we add Zhou Zeshen, it will be difficult to deal with him.”

Zheng Jian emphasized their opponent’s power in order to reinforce the three clans’ unity.

Zhou Zhu deeply agreed. “We’ve seen it ourselves. The moment Meng Chong pushed open the door, his whole body was like a bolt of lightning, instantly flickering through Room 2 and entering Room 3.

“With that kind of power, he must already be deep in the immortal palace. He’s way ahead of us.”

Ning Xiaohui snorted coldly. Unwilling to keep praising an outsider, she said, “Didn’t Meng Chong pass out recently? It’s obvious that the trials of the immortal palace become harder the further you go. Even Meng Chong couldn’t handle it.”

Ning Zhuo nodded. “An immortal talent really is formidable. Come on, let’s choose our rewards and open the door.”

“Sounds good,” Zhou Zhu agreed.

The four of them each touched the door and chose their rewards.

Zheng Jian was just about to teach Ning Zhuo how to use the hanging ring when he saw the latter tilt his head, think for a moment, and suddenly exclaim, “Ah, so that’s how it is. I get it.”

As he spoke, Ning Zhuo fired a colored gem that firmly embedded itself in the wall.

Zheng Jian was shaken. Ning Zhuo’s comprehension far surpassed his own.

“Did he know in advance from the compiled intel?” Zheng Jian wondered internally.

“Here, let me show you how to use it.” Seeing Ning Xiaohui still figuring things out, Ning Zhuo moved to help her.

Ning Xiaohui snorted. “No need!”

As she said that, she too successfully launched a colored gem.

Still, Ning Xiaohui was not pleased. She thought, “I figured it out so quickly because of my access to the intel that the Zhou and Zheng Clans shared with us. But Ning Zhuo didn’t see any of that at all…”

Zhou Zhu only dared to push the door open a tiny crack.

“If you open it any wider, spears will shoot through the gap,” he said with the tone of an experienced veteran. “This is the furthest you can open it safely. I’m sure of it.”

Zheng Jian sighed lightly. “When we first started exploring, that kind of trap didn’t even exist. But the more you explore, the more difficult the immortal palace’s trials become.”

Ning Zhuo nodded. “So that’s how it is.”

Zhou Zhu continued, “Once you push open the door, your feet will be bound, and a heavy hammer will fall on your body and destroy it.

“If you try to rush through quickly, you’ll be caught in a net, dragged back, and then smashed to death anyway.

“If you stick too close to the edge, sharp spears will shoot out from the walls and pierce you. Even if you withstand those, you’ll be pushed into the center and smashed to death by the hammer.”

After hearing all this, Ning Xiaohui grew even more silent.

But then Ning Zhuo suddenly said, “I have an idea we could try.

“Before that, I want to ask, can we use the other mechanical component in the room?” he asked despite knowing the answer.

Zheng Jian shook his head. “We can’t.”

“Oh, in that case, the only things we can use are all of you. Everyone, please dismantle yourselves for me,” Ning Zhuo said.

“Huh?” Zhou Zhu was dumbfounded.

“You really have a way?” Zheng Jian asked.

“Of course I do, but I can’t guarantee success,” Ning Zhuo replied.

Zheng Jian smiled. “No matter what kind of method it is, we have to give it a try. What exactly is this plan of yours?”

Ning Zhuo then revealed his idea.

Zheng Jian and Zhou Zhu immediately had strange expressions appear on their faces. Meanwhile, Ning Xiaohui took three steps backward and shook her head repeatedly in refusal. “No way! I’m not doing that!”

Moments later, a monstrous puppet with four heads, eight arms, and eight legs shoved open the door.

Its massive body stood firm in the center of the corridor. After triggering the trap, it immediately used one of its limbs as a shield to block the incoming spears.

Then, it raised its eight arms high to resist the heavy hammer descending from above.

The hammer hadn’t fallen far enough to gather its full momentum and was thus deflected by the arms, falling awkwardly down to the side.

But in order to accomplish this, three of the monstrous puppet’s arms shattered into pieces.

“We did it, it worked!” Zhou Zhu’s head cheered joyfully.

Zheng Jian’s head looked to be in deep thought. “Clearly, Three Schools Supreme Sage did indeed intend for us to cooperate. This perfectly suits his style of doing things.”

“What are you all dawdling for? Hurry up and dismantle us! Get me out of this thing!” Ning Xiaohui’s head couldn’t take it any longer.

Her head had been placed under an arm, as if in the armpit. Whenever the arm moved, it squeezed her forehead unpleasantly.

“Oh, hold on a moment. I’ll have us dismantled in just a sec,” Ning Zhuo said quickly.

“Just thinking about having to pass the first door like this every time makes me feel sick,” Ning Xiaohui complained.

Zheng Jian said, “As long as it works. Practicality is all that matters.”

Zhou Zhu added, “Right, right. Miss Ning, your head was just under an arm. My head was under the crotch. Did you hear me saying anything?”

“Sorry, sorry. Next time, I’ll put Brother Zheng underneath instead,” Ning Zhuo said.

Zheng Jian coughed. “Ahem, let’s think this over a little…”

Ning Xiaohui screamed, “In any case, I’m never passing with this method in front of anyone else!”

Moments later, everyone had returned to their original puppet forms.

Ning Xiaohui’s arms were both broken, and Zhou Zhu’s body was full of holes from the spears.

As for Zheng Jian and Ning Zhuo, their puppet bodies were more or less intact.

“Brother Ning, well done! You’ve really impressed me.” Zheng Jian’s voice was full of excitement as he patted Ning Zhuo’s shoulder.

Zhou Zhu looked around emotionally. How many deaths had it been? At least, he was standing safe and sound on the other side of the door.

It hadn’t been easy.

“And it’s all thanks to him.” Zhou Zhu’s internal evaluation of Ning Zhuo rose again.

Ning Xiaohui was silent.

Ning Zhuo suggested, “Let’s continue on to the next level.”

“Good! I want to see what mysteries the second challenge holds.” Zheng Jian laughed heartily.

Zhou Zhu added, “Brother Ning, you take up the rear. We’ll scout ahead.”

Ning Xiaohui did not object.

Even though they hadn’t spent much time together, Ning Zhuo’s performance had already begun to win the others over.

Soon afterward, Zheng Jian and the others fell into pit traps. Their five senses were cut off, trapping them in boundless darkness where all cries for help would remain unanswered.

These traps had been set up by Ning Zhuo himself.

He had predicted this exact scenario.

No one could observe him now, so he activated a spell and used the hanging ring to easily pass Room 2.

After all, most of the traps in this room had been arranged by none other than himself.

Ning Zhuo entered Room 3, immediately awakening a horde of kung fu puppets.

He then summoned Yuan Dasheng to escort and protect him.

This time, he didn’t even use any spells. He walked straight through of Room 3 and arrived at the maintenance room.

As he passed by the ranking lists, he looked up and sighed internally.

There was a problem here.

Now that Yuan Dasheng was off the rankings, Ning Zhuo’s alias was at the top of each one. But because of this, if he entered the maintenance room along with the others, the rankings wouldn’t show the name Ning Zhuo.

This would obviously seem strange to anyone who saw it.

“Fortunately, there’s Yuan Dasheng to guard Room 3. Whether or not Meng Chong can pass this obstacle is still uncertain.

“And the three clans’ joint exploration team doesn’t have Meng Chong’s lightning speed. It’ll be very difficult.”

