Chapter 969: Untamable Demonic Soul!

Annoying buzzing sounds filled the Red-Robed Guest's perception. Like countless mosquitoes and flies lingering by his ears, the noise was extremely disturbing and jolted him awake.

The Red-Robed Guest observed his surroundings.

There was no daylight or Earth Qi around him. There were only large patches of black and white soul runes slowly surging.

The soul runes pressed down layer by layer. At times, they transformed into fine, dense soul chains that entangled his wrist bones, ankle bones, and spine. At other times, they scattered into a damp, cold mist that clung to his chest and drilled straight into his soul.

"I must be sealed inside a Soul Banner!" The Red-Robed Guest flew into a rage.

He began to struggle, but immediately exposed his own absolute weakness.

The Red-Robed Guest looked down at his body.

His soul body was already extremely faint, its scarlet outline incomplete. A ghostly blue rift pierced straight through his chest. A sliver of cold light hid deep within the rift, and every time it flickered, a pain akin to a blade scraping against bone climbed along his Soul.

"It's that Dao artifact..."

The marks left behind by the Heaven-Draping Single Line Hook were even more difficult to deal with than death itself.

At this moment, scenes from the Cloud Marsh Martial Arena surfaced from the depths of his memory.

The cloud lake was scarlet, and waves of blood crossed the sky. The White Wave Heaven-Draping Manta Ray's abdomen had burst open, the Eight-Armed Cloud-Moving Octopus had been torn to shreds by him, the Heaven-Folding Sleeve Crane's neck was snapped under his palm, and the Setting Sun Blood-Devouring Crow had swallowed his blood, only to be instantly blown into a rain of demonic blood by the Blood Demon Pill.

Daoist Yunhu had slid down against the Formation's light curtain, his chest caved in and his face covered in blood. At that moment, the Red-Robed Guest was only one step away from slapping that beast-rearing Daoist into minced meat.

But in the very next instant, a single line dropped from the firmament.

The hook's tip was a cold white, a ghostly blue chilly star pinning the depths of his soul and forcibly suppressing the surrounding space. His Blood Transformation Evasion Art had barely activated before the Dao artifact's mighty power forced him back into his Physical Body. The sea of blood roared and the Blood Demon Pill boiled. He reached out to grab that hook, but his blood-shadow palm was effortlessly sliced open.

Following that, his life was severed.

His Nascent Soul perished.

His lifelong cultivation dispersed into a mist of blood above the cloud marsh.

"I was defeated!"

The Red-Robed Guest suddenly started laughing.

His laughter echoed inside the Soul Banner - hoarse and dry, like blood scabs scraping across rough stone.

"Living as such a remnant soul is truly an eyesore!"

He mobilized his remaining soul power.

A wisp of soul power condensed near the hook mark on his chest. It trembled as it drifted out, bypassed the flickering ghostly blue cold light, and surged in reverse toward his internal soul core. As long as the soul core exploded, his soul body would scatter into shattered light. When that time came, whether it was the Territory Expansion Alliance or the White Cloud Village, all they would be able to grasp would be a handful of remnant soul ash.

However, just as his soul power rushed halfway, the Soul Banner suddenly trembled violently.

Seven or eight bell rings echoed from the depths of the banner - piercingly sharp and icy cold!

The Red-Robed Guest's soul body stiffened, and the soul power that was about to self-destruct was forced back into the depths of his soul.

He grew even more furious and cursed viciously.

Shortly after, the Soul Banner swayed. A pulling force probed in from the outside, grabbed his soul body, and dragged him out from the depths of the black and white banner.

Arriving in the outside world, the Red-Robed Guest's soul saw that he was inside a cave.

The four walls of the cave were covered in white cloud patterns that floated like rippling silk. Pressed against the ground were earth-yellow array lines, interlocking with each other, as heavy and stable as mountain locks.

The array lines converged and intersected, forming the majority of a Formation. And at the Formation Core, suspended in the air, was that Soul Banner. Beneath the banner burned a black and white soul fire, its icy tongue of flame currently supporting the Red-Robed Guest's remnant soul.

The Cultivators from the Territory Expansion Alliance and White Cloud Village were already sitting in a circle around him.

Qiu Lei sat on the left. His face was a sallow yellow, his shoulders and back were broad and heavy, and his palms rested on his knees.

Old Man Youyun sat on the right. His wide sleeves drooped down, and white clouds slowly swirled within them.

Daoist Yunhu sat slightly further back. His chest was wrapped in spiritual bandages, his face was pale with a hint of sickly green, and the White Jade Pot Heaven Lamp behind him was covered in dense cracks.

The Red-Robed Guest's demonic soul scanned the surroundings, let out three sinister chuckles, and then locked his gaze on Daoist Yunhu. "You Daoist, why are you sitting so far away? Are you still afraid that this Seat will kill you?"

Daoist Yunhu's face darkened. The injuries on his chest were agitated by his energy circulation, causing him to cough twice before saying, "Red-Robed Guest, you have already fallen into the Soul Banner. Are you still trying to act fierce with mere words?"

The Red-Robed Guest's eyes narrowed slightly. "You only relied on the might of a Dao artifact. If you have the guts, come and deliver the finishing blow!"

Qiu Lei spoke in a deep voice, "Red-Robed Guest, the contract for the Five-Victory Martial Contest stated clearly that life and death are not forbidden. You died in the arena, and your soul was detained by the Heaven-Draping Single Line Hook. According to the rules of the Myriad Manifestations Sect, this soul can be considered spoils of war obtained during battle. Therefore, our interrogating, detaining, and soul-searching you all follow the established rules."

Old Man Youyun then added, "If you are willing to confess voluntarily, you can be spared the agony of Soul Searching."

A dim bloody light flickered within the Red-Robed Guest's soul pupils. "Confess what? Confess how this Seat almost smashed Yunhu's head into pieces? Confess how that old geezer Chunyangzi chased me down back in the day? Or confess who in the Nanming Stronghold wishes for my soul to scatter the most?"

"This Seat has already fallen. If you want to continue dealing with the Nanming Stronghold, then go find Chunyangzi, go find Tan Zhu."

"Are you still expecting to find some breakthrough point from me? Don't you know I only just joined the Nanming Stronghold? A bunch of idiots!"

Old Man Youyun frowned slightly.

A Cultivator spoke, his tone calm, "You should understand the agony of Soul Searching. At best, your memories will shatter and your sanity will be damaged; at worst, your Soul will collapse, leaving you with no chance of reincarnation. Your Nascent Soul has already perished, and your Physical Body has been collected by the Nanming Stronghold. If your Soul is destroyed as well, it will be hard to find even a trace of the Red-Robed Guest in this world."

The Red-Robed Guest looked at him and saw that the person exuded a Nascent Soul aura. He wore a plain gray long robe, had a single dark-cyan soul rune between his brows, and held a small antique bronze mirror in his palm. The mirror's surface was dark and didn't reflect any faces.

The Red-Robed Guest said lazily, "Someone from Heart-Questioning Studio?"

The Heart-Questioning Studio Cultivator replied, "I am Daoist Jingxin."

"In the Cultivation World, everyone relies on their own methods. If you speak, the pain can be lessened."

The Red-Robed Guest's soul body suddenly straightened up amidst the black and white soul fire.

"Hahaha!" He let out a maniacal laugh. The face condensed from his remnant soul was still handsome, with sharp eyebrows and eyes, and a thin, fierce lip line.

"When this Seat was young, I was pinned against a bluestone in the market and whipped thirty times until my spine was visible. In Blood Crow Ridge, the remnant souls of demonic corpses bit me for three days and three nights! On the ancient altar, my body was burned by blood embers for seven full days, until my bones crackled in the flames. In Golden Glow Valley, a net of swords fell over my head, burning away half my vital essence blood until there was nothing left. Never once has anyone heard this Seat beg for mercy!"

"Today, with just a few of your mouths, a few soul lamps, a few soul needles, a minor Formation, and a broken banner, you think you can make this Seat bow his head?"

"Hahaha, hahaha!"

Qiu Lei snorted coldly, "The Demonic Path is untamable, refusing to repent even at death's door."

Old Man Youyun directly said in a deep voice, "Activate the Formation."

The next moment, the cloud runes inside the cave suddenly lit up.

White silk-like clouds descended from the stone walls, wrapping around the edges of the Soul Banner. The earth-yellow array lines on the ground sank ring by ring, laying a heavy, oppressive weight on the black and white soul fire.

Several soul lamps ignited at the corners of the Formation. Lights of cyan-white, crimson-black, earth-yellow, water-blue, silver-gray, pale-gold, and ghostly-purple intertwined and circulated, illuminating the Red-Robed Guest's soul body into multiple overlapping shadows.

That Heart-Questioning Studio Cultivator, Daoist Jingxin, tossed his bronze mirror into the air.

As the mirror surface spun, a beam of light shone onto the spot between the Red-Robed Guest's brows. Consequently, a bloody-red web of memories surfaced within the mirror.

These memory webs were like dark scarlet rivers. Wrapped in sounds of crying, laughing, ringing blades, and roaring fires, they surged and crashed within the mirror's surface.

Daoist Jingxin's expression grew solemn. "This demonic thief has extremely profound life experiences and incredibly heavy killing intent. Everyone, bear the memories in segments, and do not push yourselves too hard. Only extract the imagery and stabilize your own minds."

Everyone's expressions turned serious.

Soul Searching was a troublesome and dangerous matter. Not only would the target suffer a miserable fate, but the casters who had to bear the memories also faced great risks.

When another person's lifelong experiences, memories, and emotions were pressed into one's divine sea, their joy, anger, sorrow, and fear would crash over like an ocean tide. With a single misstep, the person bearing the memories could forget their own origins, or even be led astray by the target's obsessions and feelings.

Especially for a Nascent Soul Demonic Cultivator like the Red-Robed Guest; his memories, emotions, and obsessions were immensely profound, making them very difficult for ordinary people to endure.

The Cultivators entered the Formation one after another.

The Soul Searching began!

First, a soul needle as fine as an ox hair, trailing a cyan-white flame at its tail, pierced into the spot between the Red-Robed Guest's brows.

The Red-Robed Guest's soul body trembled. The incoming intense pain caused him to clench his teeth tightly, and the bloody light in his soul pupils flickered continuously.

Under the bronze mirror's guidance, the Red-Robed Guest's life memories poured into the Formation from the gap opened by the soul needle.

A massive amount of memories and emotions surged like a raging tide, crashing into the divine seas of the Cultivators.

After only a moment, a female cultivator from White Cloud Village suddenly turned deathly pale.

She felt as if she had been placed in the middle of a bluestone-paved street in a market.

A young man's clothes were washed until they were faded white, and although the hems were frayed, he still wore them very neatly. He was extremely handsome, with sharp brow bones and slightly raised outer eye corners. Walking through the market, people would always turn their heads to look at him.

The sound of a whip exploded.

Crack!

The tip of the whip landed on his back, tearing his flesh open and splattering the bluestone ground with drops of blood.

The youth was whipped to the ground, any resistance completely suppressed.

A disciple from a minor sect bent over, the spiritual jade ring on his finger glinting dazzlingly.

He whipped him with great pleasure, patted the youth's cheek, and laughed wantonly. "A mere rogue cultivator dared to talk back at the stall earlier. Truly lowly! If you're dissatisfied, come find me in the future when you've cultivated a Golden Core."

"Hahaha." He swaggered away.

The onlookers held their tea bowls; some laughed, some shook their heads, and some turned to leave.

The youth lay prone on the bluestone, powerless to stand, his fingernails digging into the cracks of the stone.

His face was streaked with blood and dirt. Clenching his teeth, he roared in his heart, "Good! I'll remember this. I will definitely come find you!"

The female cultivator from White Cloud Village gasped repeatedly.

This sense of humiliation and the resentment in his heart were like a towering inferno of rage, almost swallowing her mind entirely.

She swallowed a Medicinal Pill, which finally suppressed her palpitations.

The bronze mirror vibrated, and the second soul needle pierced into the Red-Robed Guest's heart.

The crimson-black lamp flame surged, and the stone walls of the cave cast a dark red luster.

The mind of a middle-aged Cultivator from the Territory Expansion Alliance violently sank.

The scenery of Blood Crow Ridge reflected into his divine sea.

Inside the ancient mass graves, rotting soil swallowed the soles of his boots, and shattered bones pierced through the mud. At night, the blood crows cawed with shrill voices. The young Red-Robed Guest cultivated a half-volume incomplete manual in the ridge, inhaling and exhaling blood fiend Qi. After every night of cultivation, streams of black blood would leak from the corners of his lips, and his entire body would sting with pain. This made the middle-aged Cultivator from the Territory Expansion Alliance experience the exact same feeling, causing his face to show an expression of agony.

A scene of a blood cave then appeared.

Behind the collapsed stone wall, a withered demonic corpse gripped a blood jade slip. The Red-Robed Guest reached out to take it, but the remnant soul of the demonic corpse suddenly lunged into his sea of consciousness.

The middle-aged Cultivator's body went stiff.

The feelings the Red-Robed Guest had experienced back then were fiercely assaulting his mind!

Divine Soul tearing against Divine Soul, bringing extreme agony and torment.

Before his eyes was an endless mountain of corpses and a sea of blood, and the demonic corpse's lingering will roared inside his mind!

The Red-Robed Guest knelt deep within the blood cave, bleeding from his seven apertures, his ten fingers digging so hard into the stone ground that his fingernails split and peeled back.

For three days and three nights, mist drifted outside the blood cave, and blood crows circled in the air.

Without any elders to protect him, and without any sect's spiritual pills, relying purely on a breath of sheer ruthlessness, the Red-Robed Guest forcibly swallowed and consumed the demonic corpse's lingering will.

The middle-aged Cultivator felt a sweetness in his throat and immediately coughed out a mouthful of fresh blood on the spot.

However, this restored clarity to his eyes. He panted heavily and paused, not daring to continue bearing the memories.

The bronze mirror tilted, and the third soul needle pierced in from the side, dragging out a moonlit night blood banquet.

Qiu Lei undertook this memory.

Many years later, the Red-Robed Guest returned to the market. The moonlight that night was cold, and a banquet was set up outside the market. The Red-Robed Guest wore a newly tailored red robe. His features were handsome and his smile gentle. When he raised his cup, his sleeves slipped back, revealing long, slender fingers.

The sect disciple who had falsely accused him back then had become a minor steward of the market, wearing a jade token at his waist and trailed by guards.

The Red-Robed Guest poured wine for him, his voice gentle. "You said back then to come find you once I succeeded in cultivation. So, I have returned."

The aroma of the wine was very rich.

In the next breath, the stench of blood covered the scent of the wine.

The Red-Robed Guest pressed down on the minor steward's shoulder. The man's blood surged in reverse throughout his body, his face flushing red and his eyes bulging. The guards drew their blades, but bloody threads shot out from the red sleeves. The throats of several people were slit open simultaneously. Fresh blood splattered onto the wine cups, creating ripples of dark red on the surface of the wine.

The minor steward knelt before the very same bluestone from back then, mucus and tears flowing freely.

The Red-Robed Guest leaned over and asked him, "Are the lives of rogue cultivators still lowly?"

There was no forgiveness, nor was there any gentleness. There was only the absolute thrill of fiercely crawling up from the mud of life with gritted teeth, only to personally shove his enemy's head into that very same mud!

The elation was so boiling and surging, carrying the scent of wine and blood. It rushed into Qiu Lei and heated his chest, leaving him immersed in it for a time, unable to extricate himself.

The Soul Searching continued. Another soul needle drew out the memory of the blood ember fire seed.

Old Man Youyun undertook this one.

A hundred miles of scorched earth.

Across the crimson-black wounds of the land, cracks spewed out waves of hot wind. The wind carried ashes that scraped against his Divine Soul like coarse sand grinding against skin, triggering waves of burning pain.

In the center of the scorched earth, an ancient altar was half-sunken into the ground. On the altar sat a dilapidated stone lamp. The flame within the lamp was deep crimson with a heavy black core, burning in isolation for tens of thousands of years.

The blood ember fire seed!

The Red-Robed Guest stepped onto the altar, and the remnant restrictions activated. A crimson-black ring of fire closed in. The remnant souls of ancient inhabitants lay prostrate and kowtowed on the ground. The heavy, resonant beats of a stone drum pounded one after another, shaking Old Man Youyun until his chest felt tight.

The sounds of prayers echoed out.

With every sentence uttered, the blood within the Red-Robed Guest's body would ignite by an inch.

The sensation of his blood burning was too vivid. Red lines continuously crawled beneath his skin, as if scalding molten sand had been poured into his blood vessels.

The Red-Robed Guest's red robes burned through, his flesh scorched and cracked, and his bones emitted fine, crisp pops.

Yet, as he stood in the center of the altar, his eyes grew brighter and brighter, staring fixedly at the flame within the stone lamp.

For seven days of bitter endurance, his posture remained as straight as a spear. He never once fell to his knees!

Old Man Youyun struggled to bear the memory; the white clouds within his sleeves had already dissolved into a chaotic mess.

Fine beads of sweat appeared on his temples, and a bitter, burnt taste spread in his mouth.

The extreme agony of boiling blood transmitted through the memory, giving him the illusion that his entire body was being burned to ashes.

On the seventh day, the Red-Robed Guest picked up the black and red stone lamp and staggered out of the altar. His cultivation had fallen drastically, his lifespan was damaged, and his Physical Body was left with horrific injuries, yet he laughed with absolute delight.

Old Man Youyun was covered in a cold sweat. When he looked toward the Red-Robed Guest's demonic soul, his expression had changed. "This thief of the Demonic Path is so fierce, ruthless, and untamable. Wanting him to bow his head to us is simply the ravings of a madman!"