Chapter 976: Zhong Dao's Letter

Kong Ran counted on his fingers in thought, then lowered his hands, seemingly feeling that it was too childish. He changed to a proper sitting posture. "Nascent Soul-level mechanical constructs capable of autonomous combat generally fall into two categories."

"The first category consists of those controlled by a residing soul or a Nascent Soul, which require soul techniques and similar methods to command. Brother Ning, do you have these?"

Ning Zhuo shook his head. "I don't have such methods, nor am I skilled at controlling things with soul techniques."

Kong Ran said, "Then only the second category remains - mechanisms with spiritual energy." His small face scrunched up. "This is even harder."

Ning Zhuo did not interrupt him.

Kong Ran also wanted to make things clear. He picked up his teacup and took a sip, unexpectedly scalding his tongue and shrinking back.

He hurriedly put down the teacup, trying hard to maintain a serious expression. "The Naming Fire Furnace possesses spiritual energy, which is why it can be called a spiritual treasure. The reason spiritual treasures are so precious lies right here. Only after a magic treasure has endured through the years, stabilized its foundation, accumulated its essence over time, and chanced upon a serendipitous opportunity can it burst forth with a trace of spiritual light and give birth to spiritual energy."

"Mechanical constructs are much more troublesome. Mechanisms have structures; the existing components must be replaced when broken and modified when weak. Many great masters of mechanisms spend their entire lives constantly improving their works. Because their foundation is always changing, it is difficult for spiritual energy to precipitate. The possibility of a mechanism naturally giving birth to spiritual energy on its own is extremely, extremely small."

Kong Ran sighed. "Therefore, Nascent Soul-level mechanical constructs that possess spiritual energy are worth far more than ordinary spiritual treasures and are exceedingly rare. I'm afraid my father cannot produce one."

Ning Zhuo pondered.

Kong Ran looked at him, an apology floating in his eyes. "Brother Ning, this matter is just too difficult!"

Ning Zhuo wasn't disappointed for long. He added, "Then I'll change my request. I have a friend who possesses the Innate Talent of early wisdom. He wants to nurture this Innate Talent into a Divine Art and is looking for relevant methods."

Kong Ran stared at him.

The lamplight in the cave manor flickered gently. Kong Ran's bright, black eyes did not blink once, as if wanting to see right through Ning Zhuo from the inside out. After a long while, he spoke: "Brother Ning, this friend you speak of - it's you, isn't it?"

Ning Zhuo: "..."

Kong Ran sighed. "Don't hide it, there's really no point. If you want to join the Myriad Manifestations Sect, you'll inevitably have to explain information regarding your Innate Talent. Under the Truth-Telling Bell, lying is useless."

Ning Zhuo looked at Kong Ran.

A moment later, he shrugged and revealed a slightly helpless smile. "Alright. It is me."

Kong Ran's eyes suddenly lit up with a youthful excitement.

"I knew it!" Kong Ran slapped the table, causing the teacup to jump. "When you initially said you had a close associate with the early wisdom Innate Talent, I felt it was strange. Later on, the learning speed you displayed during the various minor tests was even more unusual."

Speaking of this, his tone became noticeably closer. "Brother Ning, since it's like this, we really have a great affinity! We both have the early wisdom Innate Talent, so in the future, we can exchange ideas and use each other as references."

Ning Zhuo smiled. "I am also very happy to know Brother Kong. If we can mutually support and benefit each other in the future, that would naturally be best."

Kong Ran nodded vigorously. A childish joy finally showed on his face, but he quickly restrained it. "I will pass on this request to my father and let him decide. However, I have never heard of the early wisdom Innate Talent being usable in combat."

Ning Zhuo said, "I am only trying."

Kong Ran said seriously, "Every Innate Talent has its own specialties. Some are good for combat, some for cultivation, some for deduction, and some for management. What the early wisdom Innate Talent excels at the most is learning, comprehension, and enlightenment. If Brother Ning wants to rely on it to deal with Three Valiants of the Death-Facing Sect, I'm afraid it will be very difficult."

Ning Zhuo sighed softly. "Ultimately, it's because my cultivation is too weak. It would be great if I could improve just a bit more."

Kong Ran comforted him, "Brother Ning, at such a young age, being in the mid-Foundation Establishment Stage is already very remarkable."

Ning Zhuo looked at him and suddenly asked, "I've heard that a National Power Brick can cause a person's cultivation to rapidly skyrocket. I wonder if the Kong Clan could provide one for me?"

Kong Ran was stunned. He clearly hadn't expected Ning Zhuo to mention this.

"A National Power Brick..." He furrowed his small brow, thinking seriously. "This item can indeed cause one's cultivation accumulation to skyrocket. But Brother Ning, if you are stuck at the stage of illuminating your dantian, you need to comprehend your Cultivation Art and grasp the realm. It's only when you are in a pure accumulation phase that a National Power Brick can allow you to accomplish it in one stroke."

Ning Zhuo replied, "I have recently felt my bottleneck loosening. If I had the help of a National Power Brick, perhaps the timing would be perfect."

Kong Ran never imagined that Ning Zhuo cultivated all Three Dantian simultaneously. In his eyes, if Ning Zhuo's mid-Foundation Establishment cultivation was about to break through, it would mean that his Qi Sea was about to advance another level.

He immediately showed a look of delight. "This is a good thing! Brother Ning's Cultivation arts, Mechanism realm, and Technique comprehension are all extremely profound; it's only your cultivation that's holding you back. If your cultivation rises, you'll be able to make up a large portion of your shortcomings."

As he spoke, he thought for another moment. "I will write a letter to my father and earnestly explain this matter. However, the National Power Brick involves the destiny of the nation, imperial allocations, and official approval. Obtaining it and being able to use it won't be easy."

Ning Zhuo cupped his hands. "Brother Kong's willingness to speak on my behalf is already enough."

By the time Kong Ran stood up to take his leave, the night was already deep.

The mountain path outside the cave manor was soaked in starlight. Cloud mist wrapped around the stone steps like a white silk ribbon, tranquil and frigid.

After seeing Kong Ran off, Ning Zhuo returned to the depths of the cave manor.

Today, guests had visited endlessly. Treasures, favors, probing, transactions, attempts at recruitment... all intertwined layer upon layer.

Ning Zhuo was already mentally exhausted, but he did not rest.

He began his daily cultivation regimen, an ironclad routine he almost never broke.

Ning Zhuo sat cross-legged and sank his mind into his body. The Three Sects' Supreme Methods circulated, and waves began to rise within his Divine Sea, Qi Sea, and Blood Sea.

In the Lower Dantian of the Blood Sea, the qi dynamics of the Demonic Contamination Blood Meridian Art were the most restless. Blood-colored vital essence blood crashed against the boundaries of his dantian again and again like the tide. A dense, searing pain spread deep within his meridians, feeling like countless red-hot needles weaving through his flesh and blood.

Ning Zhuo's brow furrowed slightly, yet his breathing remained steady throughout.

He could feel that the bottleneck layer was already loosening.

The Demonic Contamination Blood Meridian Art was about to break through!

This feeling was not comfortable. This was because the advancement of Demonic Path Cultivation Arts was often accompanied by the violent tearing of flesh, meridians, and willpower.

Dark red waves churned in the depths of the Blood Sea, every splash carrying hunger, restlessness, and a desire to infect and corrupt.

Ning Zhuo guarded his original heart. His True Self Innate Talent was faintly triggered, sweeping across the Blood Sea like a layer of cold, clear mirror light, suppressing that foreign restlessness inch by inch back into the depths.

After a long while, he slowly withdrew his cultivation technique.

A fine layer of sweat had already beaded on his forehead.

He opened his eyes. The blood-red hue in the depths of his pupils slowly receded, returning to a clear, ink-black color.

Right at that moment, a flying letter pierced through the outer Formation of the cave manor and hovered steadily before him. The flying letter was shaped like an iron feather, entirely dark cyan, with edges as sharp as a blade. As it floated in mid-air and gave a gentle thrum, an aura of stern slaughter silently spread out.

It was a letter from Zhong Dao!

Ning Zhuo reached out to catch it and infused it with his divine sense.

Zhong Dao's handwriting was upright and structured, with a sharp edge pressed deep into the strokes.

There were not many pleasantries in the letter - evils must be eradicated completely, and no appeasement could be tolerated. Zhong Dao bluntly stated his attitude toward the Demonic Path, and equally bluntly stated his dissatisfaction with Ning Zhuo's rescue of the Red-Robed Guest's demonic soul.

He believed Ning Zhuo's action was the wrong choice. If Ning Zhuo was willing to correct his attitude and give up the idea of rescuing the demonic soul, Zhong Dao could step in and help him overcome his current difficulties.

The room fell completely silent.

A cold gleam was hidden in Ning Zhuo's eyes.

Zhong Dao's zero tolerance for Demonic Cultivators was a fact known to everyone both inside and outside the Myriad Manifestations Sect.

No matter how much backbone and heroism the Red-Robed Guest had, or how moving his past was, in Zhong Dao's eyes, he was ultimately just a Demonic Cultivator. With Ning Zhuo wanting to save him, Zhong Dao was naturally dissatisfied. This letter also corroborated Ning Zhuo's previous judgment.

"Keeping a distance from the Demon Subjugation Hall and from Zhong Dao is the correct choice."

Ning Zhuo wrote a reply.

His handwriting was gentle and upright, carrying respect between the lines.

He first thanked Zhong Dao for his multiple instances of care and protection in the past, then stated that he needed to consider the bigger picture. The Naming Stronghold was newly established and people's hearts were still unsettled. Since he had already made a public promise, he needed to face this test independently.

At the end of the letter, he once again expressed his reverence for Zhong Dao and compared himself to an infant learning to walk: only when an infant loses support can they truly learn how to walk!

Once the flying letter was finished, Ning Zhuo didn't hesitate at all. He directly injected his spiritual energy into it, causing it to silently flap its wings, pass through the cave manor's Formation light, and disappear into the night.

At this moment, the face of Pi Fujie from earlier that day instead floated into Ning Zhuo's mind.

Pi Fujie's level of financial support was much greater than that of Situ Xing, Shen Xi, and Lin Jinglong. The reason was obvious - Ning Zhuo's attitude toward rescuing the Red-Robed Guest's demonic soul made him, someone with a Demonic Path background, feel a sense of closeness!

Ning Zhuo returned to his desk with a contemplative expression.

From the very beginning, he had felt that Zhong Dao's political stance was too extreme.

Precisely because of this, the situation for Zhong Dao himself and the Demon Subjugation Hall within the Myriad Manifestations Sect was not smooth, suffering constantly from ostracism and suppression.

Ning Zhuo's rejection of Zhong Dao this time was very decisive - he had finally seized an opportunity to outwardly release goodwill towards Demonic Cultivators without diminishing his own image and reputation on the Righteous Path!

Furthermore, he had already announced it publicly, and at the time, several Confucian cultivators were present, along with Shen Xi, Lin Jinglong, Situ Xing, and others bearing witness. If he were to agree to Zhong Dao now and immediately go back on his word, how would he maintain his credibility in the future? And how would he face the people of the world?

Zhong Dao naturally knew how heavy a price Ning Zhuo would pay for such backtracking!

This Hall Master of the Demon Subjugation Hall thought highly of Ning Zhuo and wanted to use this opportunity to lock Ning Zhuo into his own political faction.

Ning Zhuo was very clear that once he agreed, Zhong Dao would definitely exert an unprecedented level of support, fulfilling his promise to the youth, which was to help him safely overcome his immediate crisis.

But...

Ning Zhuo hailed from the Righteous Path Ning Clan of Fire Persimmon Immortal City, yet since childhood, he had been closest to Sun Lingtong, and had even managed and operated the black market.

His incredibly precious early life experiences allowed him to understand very early on that among evil cultivators and Demonic Cultivators, there were scoundrels, but there were also wretchedly unfortunate souls. There were sinister and cunning individuals, and there were also true-natured heroes. Slaughtering them all indiscriminately sounded satisfying, but when applied to reality, it would turn into an overly sharp blade. Wherever the blade pointed, sooner or later, it would backfire and injure oneself.

To the very marrow of his bones, Ning Zhuo's political views were different from Zhong Dao's!

Deep down, Ning Zhuo was fully aware of the price of sending this letter - Zhong Dao was an astute man with extremely high political acumen, far more seasoned and ruthless than the youth himself. With this reply sent, it was practically impossible for him to receive any assistance from the Demon Subjugation Hall. If there ever truly came a day when he was forced to plead with Zhong Dao for help, he would essentially have to bow his head in submission and completely defect to Zhong Dao's faction and clique.

This fiercely conflicted with Ning Zhuo's overarching plan for joining the Myriad Manifestations Sect, and it also did not align with Meng Yaoyin's expectations of him.

What Ning Zhuo wanted was a flexible position - he wanted to find a suitable foothold within the Myriad Manifestations Sect that would allow him to protect his interests in White Paper Immortal City, thereby satisfying his own cultivation needs.

He could not allow himself to be forcibly arranged by Zhong Dao and become some future member of the Demon Subjugation Hall. Zhong Dao thought highly of him and hoped he would become a future pillar of the Demon Subjugation Hall. But that was Zhong Dao's need, it had never been his!

Ning Zhuo took out the Star Scale Calamity Shifting Piece, the Nine Palaces Misstep formation plate, the Green Dragon Clasping Armor Seed, and so on to observe them.

The three treasures rested quietly, each with its own flowing luster. They represented the goodwill of the three great super families, as well as their sense of propriety.

What Pi Fujie left behind, however, was an even greater possibility.

What Mystic Armor Cave delivered was a business deal.

What Wheel of Reincarnation Hall brought was a peace negotiation.

What accompanied Kong Ran was Kong Zhaoming extending a hand toward the debt claims of the Naming Fire Furnace.

The flying letter sent by Zhong Dao, on the other hand, represented an extreme faction - it opened its arms to Ning Zhuo with intense scrutiny and a trial. It was overbearing, cold, and safe - as long as Ning Zhuo bowed his head!

Some people were merely selling favors, some wanted debt claims, some wanted to press Ning Zhuo into their own faction, and some were just doing business.

"There's no rush, this is only the first day."

Ning Zhuo understood that relying solely on himself, it would be very difficult to overcome the hurdle of Three Valiants of the Death-Facing Sect right now. The financial backing from all the different parties was the biggest variable.

He needed to continue waiting.

Time gradually slipped away.

As dawn was about to break, Ning Zhuo walked out of his cave manor.

The mountain wind was crisp and cold, and the morning light slowly rose from the end of the cloud sea. The first ray of golden light swept past the distant mountain peaks, dyeing the overlapping waves of clouds into a pale gold, blanketing the sky like a thin layer of foil. On the stone steps outside the Three Lights Dao Heaven Cave Manor, the night dew had not yet dried. Tiny water droplets hung on the edges of the grass blades, refracting the color of the newly risen sun, dazzling like crushed diamonds.

The night had already passed.

Ning Zhuo stood in the morning light, his robes blowing gently in the wind to cling to his frame.

He waited in vain for Che Zhuzi and Lu Zeng.

"A day and a night have passed. Che Zhuzi and Lu Zeng are not coming." Ning Zhuo knew this clearly in his heart.

Merchants like Che Zhuzi and Lu Zeng naturally leaned toward neutrality. For matters of adding icing on the cake, one could count on them - during the Naming Stronghold's alliance-establishing ceremony, they had come to offer congratulations, give gifts, hold up the facade, and say many pretty words.

But if they came to help Ning Zhuo at this moment, it would be picking a side. They knew that many major factions on Flowing Cloud Peak were staring at this matter. Right now, they were wisely, decisively, and firmly retreating to the sidelines to watch.

Ning Zhuo gazed at the sunrise, holding onto expectations for the new day.

The morning light shone into his eyes, like a spark falling into clear water, stirring up extremely shallow ripples.

"It doesn't matter."

"What I was anticipating to begin with wasn't my old connections anyway."

Moon-Gazing Tower stood suspended in the air, its seven tiers of flying eaves piercing through the flowing clouds.

Outside the tower, a cloud bridge spanned across the void like a white rainbow drinking from a ravine. The sea of fog churned beneath the bridge, and occasionally, Cultivators would sweep past while riding their magical artifacts, their sleeves fluttering in the wind.

The aroma of wine lingered unceasingly within the tower all year round. The fresh broth of spirit fish, the rich meat of cloud deer, and the sweet, glutinous steam of corn cakes rose from the back kitchen, mixing with the pill fragrance on the Cultivators, the faint bitterness of talisman ink, and the cold sharpness of swords and sabers. All sorts of scents intertwined and coiled together.

The private room booked by Chen San was on the fifth floor.

This room had an excellent view. Pushing the window open to look out, one could see a forest of mountain peaks. Cloud mist wrapped around the waists of the peaks like white silk ribbons, while spiritual light flickered faintly at the summits.

Whenever the setting sun hung low, golden sunset clouds would spill all over the tower. The cloud sea outside the window would surge like molten gold and flowing fire. Sitting here and raising a glass would bring about an exhilarating and ethereal feeling of being half a step into the heavens, gazing out beyond the sky.

Chen San, however, did not touch a single drop of wine.