Chapter 99: Life-Hanging Thread

Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

Zhu Xuanji paused before a small house and gently pushed open the door.

The next moment, dense shadows poured out like a tide, swallowing him up completely. After devouring Zhu Xuanji, the surge of shadows churned, blanketing the entire alley in darkness.

Within the darkness, a pair of golden eyes suddenly lit up.

They were Zhu Xuanji’s Golden Pupils.

Divine light surged within his eyes, piercing through the churning shadows and breaking past all concealment to lock onto a demonic cultivator.

This demonic cultivator was in the middle of Foundation Establishment. Although his disguise had been destroyed, he showed no panic. Instead, he laughed coldly and launched himself straight toward Zhu Xuanji.

Bang.

The two people clashed within the mass of shadows.

Zhu Xuanji only took a light step backward. Meanwhile, the demonic cultivator let out a muffled groan and was sent flying backward through the darkness even faster than he’d arrived.

However, Zhu Xuanji didn’t press the advantage. Instead, he frowned, as if sensing something off.

“As expected of Sir Zhu. You easily saw through my disguise.” The demonic cultivator’s voice echoed out from all directions. “But can you see through what’s next?”

As his voice fell, countless figures that were all identical to the demonic cultivator flew out from the shadows and surrounded Zhu Xuanji.

Zhu Xuanji’s magical power surged as he struck down the incoming figures in rapid succession.

As these figures were defeated, they broke apart, revealing their true identity as mechanical constructs.

However, the shattered mechanical constructs rapidly reassembled themselves within the shadows and continued their onslaught.

Zhu Xuanji stayed where he was, allowing wave after wave of mechanical constructs to attack him. His guard remained solid and unshaken.

Deep in the shadows, the real demonic cultivator sensed that things were going poorly and prepared to make an escape. But at that moment, Zhu Xuanji spoke.

“Liu Ying[^1], don’t you think it’s a bit too late to start thinking of escaping?”

The demonic cultivator, Liu Ying, felt a chill crawl down his spine as the Golden Pupils locked onto him.

He desperately retreated, but Zhu Xuanji had already located his true body and followed close behind.

Boom boom boom…

After several rounds of vicious attacks, Liu Ying fell helplessly to the ground. His chest was crushed, and broken ribs pierced into his lungs. Blood sprayed from his mouth and nostrils with every breath, and each moment was a desperate struggle.

“Don’t, don’t kill me. I surrender!” Liu Ying saw Zhu Xuanji approaching at a steady pace and immediately begged for his life.

Zhu Xuanji said, “It seems that you’re just using shadows to replace puppet strings on your mechanical constructs.”

Liu Ying was momentarily stunned. “Sir Zhu, could there be some misunderstanding?”

Zhu Xuanji shook his head. “Just taking precautions.

“Even if there is a misunderstanding, the hundreds who died at your hands wouldn’t think so.”

Liu Ying’s pupils contracted sharply. Shadows surged like a swarm of serpents, striking at Zhu Xuanji from behind.

But once they reached within three chi of his body, the shadows melted away like snow.

Liu Ying’s final blow failed. As death approached him, he cried out, “I don’t understand! I’m only at the mid-Foundation Establishment stage. Although I’ve entered the Lava Immortal Palace a few times, why are you, Divine Investigator Zhu, targeting me?”

Zhu Xuanji gave no answer.

In the next instant, Liu Ying perished by Zhu Xuanji’s hand.

“The fifth one.” Zhu Xuanji pulled out a list and crossed out Liu Ying’s name.

Although this demonic cultivator was skilled in shadow escape techniques, he had nowhere to hide in front of the Golden Pupils.

Zhu Xuanji’s list wasn’t arranged by cultivation base, but rather by degree of suspicion and overall threat level.

Liu Ying’s methods bore many similarities to those of the black shadow demonic cultivator.

More crucially, Zhu Xuanji suspected that Liu Ying might have grasped the Life-Hanging Thread divine ability. Although this possibility was very low, it was enough to place him fifth on the list.

Before setting out this time, Zhu Xuanji had been summoned in private by the Southern Bean Kingdom’s monarch and was told of many secrets.

The Southern Bean Monarch had warned him, “Xuanji, you must tread carefully in Fire Persimmon Immortal City. Long ago, Three Schools Supreme Sage left the Life-Hanging Thread divine ability in the Lava Immortal Palace.

“This divine ability allows control over others of the same kind. The more one understands their kind, the greater the degree of control they can exert.

“If a Foundation Establishment cultivator has mastered this divine ability, even a Golden Core like you would be in grave danger.

“That’s because this divine ability’s control extends into even fate energy.”

Zhu Xuanji was astonished. “Is the Life-Hanging Thread capable of extracting another’s fate energy?”

“Not exactly.” The Southern Bean Monarch shook his head, continuing in a clear and crisp voice, “However, the Life-Hanging Thread can allow fate energies to accumulate and overlap without loss from internal conflict.

“As long as a cultivator masters this divine ability, they can link to many others and bind their fate energies together.

“Our founding sovereign rose up from nothing, born without a royal mandate. She was only able to accomplish this due to Three Schools Supreme Sage creating the Life-Hanging Thread divine ability for her.

“It was through the power of this divine ability that her many friends and subordinates were willing to lead the charge and sacrifice for her sake.”

Zhu Xuanji showed a solemn expression and resolutely accepted the mission.

He was a Golden Core cultivator. Although the grand formation would suppress him, few people in Fire Persimmon Immortal City could truly match up to his strength.

The real danger lay in losing the conflict between fate energy. If his fate energy were diminished, he would easily fall into seemingly coincidental yet deadly traps. At that point, even a Golden Core like himself would have nothing to rely on.

Liu Ying had once been a suspect.

But now that the man was dead, Zhu Xuanji dismissed that suspicion. “It seems I was overthinking things.

“Then again, most of these suspects are mere Foundation Establishment cultivators. How could they possibly comprehend a divine ability?”

For the Southern Bean royal family, any divine abilities related to life and fate were deeply taboo.

After all, it was precisely thanks to one such divine ability that their founding sovereign had risen to power.

If someone possessing a divine ability like this were to appear in the Southern Bean royal family’s sphere of influence, they would much prefer to secretly eliminate that person and prevent any threat to their stable rule over Southern Bean Kingdom.

…

After the bequeathment ceremony ended, Ning Zhuo returned to clan territory.

Closing his eyes, he focused on his upper dantian.

The lotus seed within his divine sea had already sprouted and was emanating a faint glow.

“An embryonic form of the Life-Hanging Thread divine ability!”

Ning Zhuo had already comprehended the purpose of the divine ability.

Compared to spells evoked with magical power, the might and profundity of a divine ability was often far greater. This was because divine abilities were founded based on deep insight into the principles of heaven and earth.

For example, take Ning Zhuo. On the surface, it seemed that he had obtained inspiration from the immortal tale and grasped some profound truths to trigger the Illusory True Lotus Seed in his divine sea.

But in reality, this was just the catalyst.

The more fundamental reason was that Ning Zhuo already held many insights into the way humans and society functioned.

These previous insights, when paired with the story of the holy immortal master, brought about a qualitative change. The Illusory True Lotus Seed sprouted, and the embryonic Life-Hanging Thread divine ability took form.

And it was precisely because the comprehension stemmed from his own thoughts that the divine ability’s uses became clear to him once it awakened.

“If Han Ming’s Theory of Numbered Breaths is correct, then this may well be the fated opportunity I earned after my fate energy surged due to defeating Yuan Dasheng,” Ning Zhuo realized inwardly.

As it turned out, Golden Blood Battle Ape Dasheng wasn’t the fated opportunity. After all, its core material was the corpse of Yuan Dasheng, which would have been in Ning Zhuo’s possession no matter what.

Fated opportunities often worked like this.

For most people, a story might be nothing more than entertainment, yielding no tangible benefits.

But for a certain person, that same story could result in an unimaginable gain.

If it wasn’t your fated opportunity, you wouldn’t gain anything even if it was placed right in front of you.

“Uncle Ning.” Ning Zhuo took the initiative to seek out Ning Xiaoren.

Ning Xiaoren smiled and asked Ning Zhuo why he had come.

But when he heard the reason, his smile froze on his face. “You’re saying… you want to forgive your uncle Ning Ze?”

Ning Zhuo nodded. “Yes.

“I’ve been agonizing over this matter for the past few days. But after deep thought, I’ve decided to forgive him.

“After all, he is my blood-related uncle. He’s the closest family member I have left in this world.”

Ning Xiaoren was not pleased with this development.

These past few days, he had done everything in his power to win Ning Zhuo over. He wanted the boy to feel that he, Ning Xiaoren, was the closest and most trustworthy person to him.

“Little Zhuo, you are indeed a good and kindhearted child.

“Anyone else would never forgive an uncle like that. But you are able to do so. I’m impressed.”

Ning Zhuo smiled bashfully. “Blood runs thicker than water, after all. And Uncle Ning Ze and I are family…

“As long as he’s willing to pay back the spirit stones and resources he’s embezzled from me over the past sixteen years.”

“Ah.” Ning Xiaoren was stunned as he finally understood why Ning Zhuo had come to see him.

He couldn’t help cursing inwardly. Did the boy have to pause like that while speaking? Couldn’t he finish saying everything in one go?

Ning Zhuo cupped his fists and bowed. “I beg Sir Junior Patriarch to uphold justice for me!”

“This is a completely reasonable request.” Ning Xiaoren thought for a moment. “Little Zhuo, I will ensure justice is carried out.”

Not long after.

The two arrived at the clan’s private prison and met the incarcerated Ning Ze.

When Ning Ze saw Ning Xiaoren appear, he assumed that he was being released and rushed over to the cell door.

But a moment later, Ning Zhuo revealed the true purpose behind their arrival.

“Uncle, I’ve thought it over.

“You are still my uncle by blood. I don’t want to see you suffer.

“So, pay me back all the spirit stones and cultivation resources you’ve embezzled over the years.

“I’ll forgive you and won’t press charges!”

Ning Ze’s eyes went wide. He looked at Ning Zhuo, then quickly turned to Ning Xiaoren.

But Ning Xiaoren stood silently behind Ning Zhuo, already glaring with a face that said, “Don’t slip up, or you’ll face the consequences.”

Ning Ze’s lips trembled, and he barely suppressed his fury.

When had he ever embezzled Ning Zhuo’s spirit stones and cultivation resources? Ning Xiaoren had never given him any to begin with!

But he couldn’t just say the truth here.

Seeing Ning Zhuo staring at him, he wanted nothing more than to slap the boy across the face immediately.

But he knew that it wasn’t possible. Ning Zhuo’s status had completely changed. He was now heavily valued by the clan, and even the junior patriarch Ning Xiaoren was trying to win him over.

In the end, Ning Ze took a deep breath and gritted his teeth at Ning Zhuo. “Fine. I’ll pay you back.”

“Thank you, Uncle.” Ning Zhuo smiled brightly, then bowed to Ning Xiaoren. “And thank you, junior patriarch, for upholding justice on my behalf.”

Ning Xiaoren laughed heartily and patted Ning Zhuo on the shoulder. Inwardly, though, he was thinking, “This kid really is a bit too greedy.”

On the other hand, Ning Ze was already roaring inside. “Justice my ass!!”

Ning Zhuo already owned a thirty percent stake in the explosive fire monkey business, with another forty percent of the profits going to Fei Si. He was currently receiving abundant support from the tri-clan alliance as well.

There was no need for him to covet these “embezzled resources”.

But to reassure Ning Xiaoren and deepen the impression of a young man greedy for wealth, Ning Zhuo still chose to act this way.

A few days later, Ning Zhuo took his leave from Ning Xiaoren’s residence, saying that he missed his home and wished to stay there for a while.

Ning Xiaoren had long grown tired of Ning Zhuo eating and drinking in his house for free, and even sleeping in his bedroom without paying.

Now that Ning Zhuo had made a clean break with Ning Ze, there was nothing holding him back. Ning Xiaoren pretended to be reluctant for a while, but still agreed after repeated pleas from Ning Zhuo.

Notes:

[^1]: Liu Ying – 刘影 – Liu is a surname. Ying means “shadow”.

