Chapter 994: Soaring

The bitter battle between Chunyangzi and Liang Ming was still ongoing.

The Midday Sun-Patrolling Dharma Carriage still hung high in the firmament. The golden carriage sat amidst the clouds, continuously shedding a blazing radiance like the midday sun.

However, the two Yin tombs had already rooted themselves down like nails.

One was skewed and grayish-white. A child's arm bone was stuck in front of the tomb, the white bone covered in fine, dense cracks, as if it would shatter into powder at any moment.

The Bone-Embracing Boy curled up behind the mound. The thick, long white bone cradled in its arms had been burned scorch-black and cracked. Deep within its empty eye sockets, blue-black smoke still billowed, like lingering embers on the verge of going out.

The other tomb was low and gloomy. A fireless black lamp floated in front of it, its lampshade dilapidated, and the wick pitch-black like a scorched bone.

The Lamp-Hiding Tomb Woman, draped in torn mourning garments, stood behind the black lamp. The hem of her clothes had been burned away by the Pure Yang True Fire, revealing the grayish-white skin-like soil underneath.

Liang Ming stood between the two tombs. His posture was like an old tree slanted by the wind, yet he still refused to fall.

His grayish-black long robe was torn in several places, with burns on his shoulders, chest, and left ribs. The scorch marks varied in depth, resembling branding iron imprints. On the surface of his Gray Fetus Breathing Soil Garment, patches of grayish-white fetal membrane bulged out; underneath the membrane, dark yellow blood-soil could vaguely be seen seeping through.

The blade of the Yin Rampart Yellow Springs Spade in his hand had been burned dull red like hot iron by the Pure Yang True Fire. Three of the white bone bells on the back of the spade were missing. With every swing, a fine, trembling ringing sound shuddered lowly under the sunlight.

Chunyangzi's crimson-gold Daoist robe remained as bright as the rising sun, but among the three thousand scriptural characters on the robe, the radiance of a few dozen had grown slightly dim, like dark stars obscured by clouds in the night sky.

Chunyangzi took out the Cloud-Gathering Yang-Replenishing Lamp to replenish his spiritual energy and Yang Qi.

The crimson jade lamp bowl was as thin as cicada wings, and the purple-gold threads of cloud-light swayed gently within. This was Chunyangzi's primary method of recovery.

Chunyangzi looked at Liang Ming with a profound gaze.

The Heaven-Draping Single Line Hook - these few words constantly pressed heavily on his heart like a suspended guillotine yet to fall.

The most terrifying aspect of a Dao Vessel's might was when its conditions for activation were met.

Therefore, while his offensive seemed fierce, in reality, he was holding back in every move, remaining restrained and cautious. This had given Liang Ming the time to set up his field.

True Monarch Ghost Tomb raised a hand to wipe the bloody water from the corner of his lips. His voice was hoarse, like grating sand and stone: "Chunyangzi, with so many misgivings, why even fight? You might as well just admit defeat."

Chunyangzi coldly snorted. With a flick of his sleeve, his imposing aura surged once more.

At the same time, the Midday Sun-Patrolling Dharma Carriage in the sky shook with a boom, and the radiance of the sun wheel pressed down like a waterfall once again.

Boom! Boom! Boom!...

Piercing golden light and gloomy earth dust clashed against each other. Techniques and magic treasures were used in rotation, triggering endless, thunderous explosions.

True Monarch Ghost Tomb tried to use words to goad him, but Chunyangzi advanced steadily and methodically, his state of mind completely undisturbed.

After gradually familiarizing himself with his opponent's methods, he began to gain the upper hand.

By the time night fell upon the outside world once again, the Bone-Embracing Boy and the Lamp-Hiding Tomb Woman had been thoroughly suppressed by Chunyangzi, forced into a steady retreat.

The roots of the first tomb had been burned through multiple times, and the black lamp of the second tomb had developed a visible crack. Even when attempts were made to repair them, there was no noticeable effect.

"This can't go on!" Liang Ming forcefully retreated a large step, temporarily widening the distance. At the same time, he shook his long sleeve, shooting out Gloomy Earth Coins like a swarm of flying locusts.

The Gloomy Earth Coins fell toward the Great Midday Heaven Terrace like a black rainstorm.

Chunyangzi's gaze focused. Raising his hand, he unleashed a Yang fire Technique. A stream of crimson-gold fire swept across, incinerating a small half of the Gloomy Earth Coins on the spot.

Seeing how little effect his method had, Liang Ming gritted his teeth and violently plunged the Yellow Springs Spade into the stone terrace.

He pressed his palm tightly against the handle, and the Nascent Soul spiritual energy within his body poured down like floodwaters breaching a dam! A low ringing came from deep within the spade's blade. Although the white bone bells were incomplete, they still shook out rings of Yellow Springs sound waves. The sound waves spread close to the ground, spreading exceptionally swiftly like ripples across a lake.

Liang Ming's Nascent Soul emerged from the top of his head once more.

The tiny dark yellow Nascent Soul cupped a small earth sundial in both hands. Its face was covered in fine cracks scorched by the midday sunlight, and its tender body trembled slightly, yet it still opened its mouth to invoke a deity: "Obscure nails subdue the sun, the Netherworld calls the roll. I summon the Sun-Subduing Old Clerk to guard my third tomb!"

The surface of the stone terrace split open with a boom, and a perfectly square Yin tomb was forcibly squeezed out.

When it first rose, the tomb soil was still very sparse. The Yang-Flame Ore Vein was stimulated to release endless crimson-gold threads of fire, burning the edges of the tomb until they curled and turned black.

But after Liang Ming scattered Yin soil over it, the third tomb finally took a successful shape.

A dilapidated official's desk floated in front of the tomb. On the desk lay a Netherworld tome, seven black nails, and a broken-headed black brush.

The Sun-Subduing Old Clerk sat up from behind the official's desk.

This minor deity wore a tattered official's robe. His skin was yellowed like old paper soaked in muddy water, his eyes as murky as two scratched pebbles, and his lips were blue-black. His back was severely hunched, as if he had spent too long answering roll calls before the prison desks of the Netherworld, his spine bent from the torment.

He looked up at the Midday Sun-Patrolling Dharma Carriage, then down at the surrounding ground. Unconcealed disgust surfaced in his murky eyes: "The sunlight crosses the boundary, disturbing my Netherworld tome."

The Old Clerk grabbed the black brush and pointed it at the ground. A Sun-Subduing Yin Nail flew out like an arrow, driving itself toward the most intense point of the fire threads revealed by the Crimson Yang stone vein.

How could Chunyangzi let him succeed so easily?

The Clear Heart Evil-Illuminating Mirror immediately flew up. The mirror's light poured down like a blazing sun, shining upon the Sun-Subduing Old Clerk.

The blue-black Yin Qi on the Old Clerk's body was instantly agitated and began to dissipate violently. At the same time, the Netherworld tome crackled and curled under the light, like old paper being singed by fire.

The Sun-Subduing Old Clerk let out a miserable groan as his body emitted green smoke, as if he were burning.

Chunyangzi took the opportunity to step forward, deploying the Midday Shadowless Steps. The shadow beneath his feet was compressed by the sunlight into a tiny black dot. In a single step, he had already arrived before the third tomb.

The first strike of the Nine Yang Gate-Knocking Finger fell, and a corner of the official's desk exploded like shattering rocks.

The second strike fell. The Netherworld tome flipped open, and crimson-gold flames sprouted on the pages like sparks.

The third strike aimed straight for the Sun-Subduing Old Clerk's glabella. The Old Clerk raised the black brush to block it, but the broken-headed brush exploded on the spot like rotting wood. Black ink splattered across half of his face as he let out a hoarse, agonizing scream.

Chunyangzi's offensive was too fierce. Liang Ming cursed in his heart and hastily swung his spade.

The Yellow Springs Spade did not smash toward Chunyangzi; instead, it scooped up a thin layer of tomb soil in front of the third tomb. The terrain slanted, raising a dirt wall. After Chunyangzi's fourth finger strike hit the wall, it deflected by a few inches, landing on the stone terrace and instantly blasting out a crimson-gold fire pit.

Liang Ming activated a talisman, substituting offense for defense.

Seeing the powerful incoming force, Chunyangzi chose to avoid the brunt of the attack. As a result, his offensive was thwarted, and he smoothly retreated.

Seeing this scene, many Cultivators of Nanming Stronghold let out low sighs.

The Nine Yang Gate-Knocking Finger grew stronger with each successive strike, but Liang Ming possessed incredibly rich combat experience. He did his utmost to force Chunyangzi to interrupt his combo, successfully suppressing the sharp edge of this finger technique.

Chunyangzi furrowed his brows slightly. After a brief thought, he revealed another trump card.

He channeled his spiritual energy and mobilized his divine sense.

In the next moment, the Spirit Treasure-level arm ring on his left hand erupted with radiance. It rushed out in front of him, transforming into a sparkling, glowing three-legged Golden Crow.

Facing him, the Golden Crow opened its beak and cried out.

Chunyangzi took out a red Medicinal Pill. The surface of the pill was covered in fine, spiderweb-like lightning patterns, and it brimmed with fiery intent. This was the Blazing Heart Obscurity-Breaking Pill.

The three-legged Golden Crow clamped its beak down on the pill and took flight, tearing through the air.

An ear-piercing shriek rang out in the air.

The three-legged Golden Crow shot forth like an arrow leaving the bowstring, turning into a cluster of crimson-gold light in the shape of a bird spreading its wings, aiming directly for the third tomb!

The Sun-Subduing Old Clerk's murky eyes contracted, and the torn pages of the Netherworld tome automatically flew up to block his front.

With a phut sound, the torn pages of the Netherworld tome were pierced through.

The crimson-gold bird light struck the tomb's mound. The Yin tomb shook violently, and with a resounding boom, half of the mound was blasted apart.

Spirit Treasure - Golden Crow Pill-Holding Ring!

At the same time, Chunyangzi mobilized his divine sense to control the Midday Sun-Patrolling Dharma Carriage again.

The Dharma Carriage sent down a magnificent pillar of light, hurtling directly toward Liang Ming.

At the critical moment, a clay doll flew out from Liang Ming's sleeve.

This clay doll was half red-yellow and half blue-black. Its face lacked facial features, like an unshaped embryo.

With a boom, the clay doll shattered like pottery, neutralizing more than half the power of the light pillar and saving Liang Ming from this predicament.

Liang Ming sighed bitterly in his heart, silently aching: It's only the second day, and I've already lost one clay doll.

Within the Peculiar Domain.

The sound of hammer strikes, heavy as thunder, echoed at regular intervals.

Ning Zhuo sat cross-legged in the center of the field, his face illuminated intermittently by the divine light of the Garrison Earth Prison-Suppressing True Monarch.

The Pure Yang Patriarch Pill hovered within his divine sea. Its dusty-gray shell had peeled off more than half, revealing a crimson-gold sun inside.

Heavy, complete, and magnificent!

Countless scriptural characters slithered like golden snakes. The phantom of an alchemy furnace and the faces of past Sect leaders continuously bobbed up and down deep within the sunlight.

The method of 'Tying Hair to the Beam' kept Ning Zhuo's thoughts constantly elevated and unwavering. The method of 'Piercing the Thigh with an Awl' made his mind sharp, charging forward to break through the obstacles of his contemplation.

The Literary and Martial Wind brought restorative power, while the page of the Luo Shu immensely saved Ning Zhuo on calculation efforts.

The rolling true intent allowed Ning Zhuo to gallop freely in the Yang Dao Master Realm!

He seemed to see a youth standing in the sunlight, his eyes as clear as a stream, his body brimming with an uncontainable vitality, like spring grass breaking through the soil.

He seemed to see a dying old man, a spark of life lighting up again in the depths of his eyes, like a dying candle rekindling.

He seemed to see ghostly creatures having their true forms revealed by lamplight, their blue-black soul shadows trembling in the brightness like mice seeing a cat.

"Just as a knife is not solely used for chopping, the utility of Yang Qi goes far beyond burning."

"It can warm, it can stimulate growth, it can illuminate, it can inspire, it can enlighten..."

Ning Zhuo saw through the profound mysteries and grasped the laws of the Yang Dao, moving from the superficial skin and flesh deep into the bones.

The true intent was like the tide crashing against the shore, endless and continuous.

The tens of millions of mirror surfaces in Ning Zhuo's divine sea were constantly consumed, while also slowly regenerating.

A long time later, Ning Zhuo slowly opened his eyes and raised his right hand.

A wisp of pale golden Yang Qi condensed at his fingertips. Initially, that Yang Qi was just a speck of light and heat, but then, under the adjustment of his thoughts, it transformed into warmth, into inspiration, into illumination, and finally condensed into the faint phantom of a tiny Yang talisman.

The Yang talisman was unwritten, yet its underlying significance was already present.

If used to shine upon ghosts, ghostly creatures would have nowhere to hide.

If used to shine upon a human heart, cowardice would be dispelled.

If fused into a mechanism embryo, it could give the lifeless object a trace of instinct to radiate light outward.

The Master-level was completely stabilized!

The Renowned Artisan-level was about "using fire," while the Master-level's Yang Dao realm was about "bestowing heat." Evolving from the solid to the ethereal, from the surface to the core!

In his eyes, external fire control had already taken a backseat; the intent of Yang was the core.

If he were to refine artifacts, he could induce internal resonance and self-heating within the artifact embryo. If he were to craft talismans, every stroke would carry the intent of light and evil-breaking. If he were to cast Techniques, he could freely modify Yang Dao Techniques, shifting them from burning to heart-illuminating, from injuring enemies to awakening allies, and from forcefully stimulating to propagating righteousness.