Chapter 332: Three Letters, Local Bully

Obviously, this timing was carefully chosen by Song Fuli.

The banquet was about to end and the guests were leaving gradually. In this case, if he blocked the door, it would inevitably lead to an ugly scene.

When the receptionist saw Song Fuli's behavior and realized what was happening, he immediately broke out in a sweat and his face turned pale.

He wanted to muster up his courage and continue negotiating, but Song Fuli just glared at him briefly, and he felt like he was falling into an icy cave, unable to move.

When another receptionist saw this, he turned around and ran, stumbling into the banquet hall.

There was a constant stream of cultivators gathering around the main table.

Ning Zhuo was always surrounded by people. As the patriarch of the branch Ning family, he had to smile the whole time and accept the toasts from others at this moment, which was also to confirm his relationship and status with these people.

Ning Zhuo was not impatient at all, but rather enjoyed it.

The receptionist finally pushed through the crowd, squeezed in, and reported to Ning Zhou through voice transmission.

Ning Zhuo smiled slightly and said in front of everyone: "It's just Song Fuli, why should I be afraid? Don't worry about him, I have already made arrangements."

Seeing Ning Zhuo's extraordinary confidence, the receptionist had to leave with doubt.

When the people around him heard Ning Zhuo's words, they all looked at each other in fear.

Ning Zhuo didn't take it seriously and continued chatting and laughing with the people around him. At first, everyone was at a loss and their smiles were stiff. Slowly, they relaxed a little.

No matter what, Ning Zhuo's calm demeanor even when faced with a huge crisis immediately impressed many people.

Song Fuli stood at the gate, expressionless, with his arms folded, like a stone statue, exuding an aura that kept strangers away.

Song Fuli scanned the letter with his spiritual sense and read the contents of the letter, and found that it was from Ning Jiufan.

Suddenly a letter flew over and hovered in front of him.

He knew that the Ning family's golden core  ancestor had great fighting power.

When taking such action, we had already considered the issue of Ning Jiufan.

Song Fuli put away the letter and continued to block the door, obviously not giving Ning Jiufan any room to give in.

Almost at the same time, another letter arrived at his side.

This time the letter came from Feis in the City Lord's Mansion.

The content of the letter was almost the same as Ning Jiusu's. Fei Si persuaded Song Fuli to stop and not disrupt the order.

Song Fuli felt a little cold: "The City Lord's Mansion actually supports Ning Zhuo so much?"

Song Fuli looked hesitant.

The next moment, the third letter was delivered to him.

The letter bore the emblem of the Southern Bean Kingdom royal family. Song Fuli reached out to take the letter and checked it with his spiritual sense. Sure enough, the letter was from Zhu Xuanji.

Zhu Xuanji's meaning is almost the same as the previous two letters.

The wording is just softer and more domineering.

He said that Song Fuli should not be impulsive and should think more about the relationship between the two countries before doing anything.

Think about the next journey of the Cloud Kingdom Caravan and stay calm.

The most crucial point is that even if Ning Zhuo has the mechanical construct Rudie Niang in his hands, it is just his trophy!

Such direct and frank words made Song Fuli look angry.

But soon, he suppressed his anger and subconsciously looked up at the plaque on the gate.

This plaque is newly hung.

Song Fuli's feeling when looking at it was completely different from before.

The three consecutive letters completely proved that Ning Zhuo's branch family had gained a firm foothold.

In addition to Ning Jiufan of the main branch, the City Lord's Mansion and the Zhu family royal family also agreed. What trouble is there?

Snake. Even though this is just a newly separated force, it is also the territory of Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

If you continue to be so ignorant, you will be the one who suffers!

A powerful dragon cannot defeat a local snake!

Song Fuli snorted coldly and walked away.


The receptionist, who was already drenched in sweat, sat down immediately, looking at Song Fuli's departing back, his face full of lingering fear: "Finally he's gone!"

The receptionist who had just returned from reporting suddenly turned around and looked towards the banquet hall.

His eyes sparkled, and he was extremely excited: "The clan leader is extremely capable! He didn't even show up, but he was able to deal with a golden core  cultivator like Song Fuli! This is too amazing!"

The dust has settled in the Lava Immortal Palace, and the monster tide has completely dispersed. The Cloud Kingdom Caravan seems redundant, especially the huge cloud whale floating in the sky, which is even more annoying!

Song Fuli realized this when he brought trouble upon himself in front of the gate of Ning Zhuo's branch family.

"Hmph, a righteous face!"

He found the City Lord's Mansion, met with Fei Si, and told him frankly that he and the caravan would leave the city soon and head to the next immortal city.

While showing a look of reluctance to leave, Fei Si clarified the exact departure date of Song Fuli and others. When he heard that it would be after 2 days, the smile and reluctance on his face increased a little.

Without any unwelcome guests, the Ning Zhuo's branch of the family was able to end the banquet smoothly.

A large number of guests went back and spread the news about the Ning Zhuo family division ceremony and the grand occasion of the banquet with various gifts.

And the news spread more and more, and soon, the relevant information spread throughout the city, changing people's hearts and minds, and once again stabilizing the reputation of the branch family.

Ning Jiufan and Zhu Xuanji are having a secret conversation.

"Song Fuli has retired." Zhu Xuanji received the latest information with a blank expression on his face.

Ning Jiufan sneered: "He is knowledgeable and interesting."

Zhu Xuanji shook his head slightly: "He is a merchant who has traveled all over the country. He is naturally weak. He came to block the door this time just because he thought Ning Zhuo was weak and easy to bully. In fact, he is an outsider and does not know what happened in the end. After recognizing the reality, he took the initiative to retreat. I am not surprised at all."
 

At this point, Zhu Xuanji looked at Ning Jiufan and exclaimed sincerely: "Your Ning family has produced a Qilin."

Ning gave in, stroking his beard and smiling.

Ning Zhuo was only a low-level cultivator, but he took advantage of the power of the three parties and directly forced back the golden core  cultivator Song Fuli.

From this point of view, Ning Zhuo's skills are quite clever. His ability to handle government affairs as the head of a family is absolutely sufficient.

In fact, Ning Jiufan had already discovered Ning Zhuo's talent after hearing about the Lava Immortal Palace's tripartite agreement. Now he just confirmed it again.

The two continued their secret talks and finally reached an agreement and signed an alliance.

Zhu Xuanji handed Ning Jiufan a jade slip and a magic weapon on the spot. Ning Jiufan used his spiritual sense to scan the contents of the jade slip and nodded with satisfaction.

The jade slip contains the beast-controlling technique, and the magic weapon can spread the power of the government. The combination of the two can help Ning Jiufan control the Nascent soul demon ape!

Watching Ning Jiufan checking the contents of the jade slip, Zhu Xuanji confirmed again in his mind:

"This time, in the battle for Lava Palace, the Ning family is the biggest winner!"

"Let alone Ning Zhou, just Ning Jiufan, the benefits are extremely exaggerated!"

"The Nascent Soul Demon Ape that he finally rescued can become the trump card to protect the Ning family after being subdued."

Of course, to a certain extent, it can also compete with the Meng family.

The Ning family, which controlled the Nascent Soul level monster, suddenly became the most powerful cultivation family in Huoshi Fire Persimmon Immortal City.

In addition, the Ning family has implemented the separation of the family. Over time, the number of clansmen in the branch family and the main family will continue to multiply and increase, and the scale of their influence will inevitably be the largest.

The strongest fighting force and the greatest influence!

The Southern Bean Kingdom royal family strongly supports the Ning family, so naturally the game between the royal family and the important ministers, the Meng family, is still going on.

If Meng Chong succeeded, Meng Kui would become the Palace master, and in name, there would be no flaws. But the fact was that Meng Kui's position as Palace master was handed over by the Ning family cultivators. And according to the recruitment order, this


"No problem." Ning Jiufan checked the contents of the jade slip and showed a satisfied look.

"For the follow-up cooperation, Brother Ning can contact Uncle Zhu Hou." Zhu Xuanji said. Ning Jufan nodded slightly to him, and they parted ways. Zhu Xuanji watched him leave, sighed, and turned to the Ning Zhuo branch. Although he didn't want to contact Ning Zhuo, he had to do it.

"I have to go there." Zhu Xuanji had no choice but to bite the bullet and meet Ning Zhuo in secret.

In the clan leader's study, Ning Zhuo was all smiles and enthusiastic: "Master Xuanji, you are finally here. I have been looking forward to seeing you day and night these days."

Zhu Xuanji stretched out his hand, as if to say, "Don't come over here. Stay away from me. If you have anything to say, just stand over there and talk."

He continued: "I would like to correct two points."

"First, you are not a kid anymore, you are the patriarch of the branch family, don't lose

"Second, it's not me you're looking forward to, but an official position in my Southern Bean Kingdom Kingdom. Just yesterday, I received the king's order, which only provides you with compensation, not an official position."

Ning Zhuo's face suddenly changed, and he shouted: "This is unfair, the recruitment order clearly states

"Alright. Don't think that the Zhu royal family is easy to bully, Clan Leader Ning Zhuo." Zhu Xuanji interrupted directly, "You actually know very well in your heart that you transferred the position of Palace Master of the Immortal Palace to Meng Kui privately without the approval of the Zhu royal family."

"This is against the rules."

Ning Zhuo immediately retorted: "What the detective said is inappropriate. If you were there at the time,

Instead of transferring the position of Palace Master to Meng Kui and letting this Nascent Soul expert take action,

Between you and me, who can suppress the entire monster tide?"

Zhu Xuanji: "With the four magical powers, I can fight against Nascent soul. Clan leader Ning Zhuo, your real fighting power is comparable to mine, so how can you not resist the Red Flame Beast Tide?"

Ning Zhuo hurriedly said: "How is this possible? My cultivation is so low, how can I compare with you, sir? Please be merciful and lenient, sir, and don't flatter a junior like me."

"At that time, I was also worried about my family and the lives of the people of the city.


I wanted to give the position of Palace Master of the Immortal Palace to Master Meng Kui."

"Lord Meng Kui is the current city lord of Huoshi Fire Persimmon Immortal City. It's obviously more appropriate to hand it over to him than to us, isn't it?"

"Hahaha." Zhu Xuanji laughed in anger, "Ning Zhuo, you have already calculated all this. You handed over the position of Palace Master to the Meng family just to continue to play both sides. You saw that my Zhu family wanted to deal with the Meng family, and then your Ning family would be the best partner."

"You succeeded!"

"Your family's golden core  Patriarch has surrendered and has been secretly granted an official position by my royal family. He has also been given a magic weapon that can strongly control that Nascent soul female ape."

"The royal family will not give you any compensation, but will reward you for your entry standards.

When it comes to the four words "entry standards", Zhu Xuanji can't help but emphasize his tone.